i was so happy with my purchase, the book was in perfect condition and arrived promptly! thanks!
my book was delivered in a timely manner.  condition of the book was excellent.
my number month old loves this book with it's bright colors and sparkling butterflies, it's perfect for this age.
this book and number little ladybugs are wonderful books - no complaints!
each page has a color theme that is comparible with the color of the butterfly. lovely.
this book is so delightful. the colors, the story, the quality---mommy and number mo old approve!! two thumbs up
better than others we have used.  they did not stick together causing breakage when pulling apart.
bought this for my wife's use.  she really liked it and two other wilton books i purchased for her.
finally i know all the fun things you can do with all those tips! i love it!
this book is very helpful and useful for beginners. this product arrived within a timely manner.
i bought this for my daughter so she & her girlscould have fun baking brownies.
i bought this as a gift for my daughter. she says it deserves a number.
this is very easy to understand and it is a necessity if buying the wilton kit to match
this is great for all cake decorators or someone looking for a certain design for a cake. ilove it.
love this book. wilton gives the how to on using many different decorating tips. beautiful color illustrations.
recieved on time and in the description i ordered. i am pleased with my order
fast delivery. lots of ideas. love it!
nice quality bag! vibrant colors. worth it!
this has been a helpful tool for my numberth grader who is a terrible speller!
if you have trouble remembering how to spell a word this will help you.  easy to use
perfect!
very helpful.
my two kids number & number are very happy with this product.
my daughter's writing teacher made this mandatory and it is a great help with her spelling.
so happy to find this
if you are a crossword addict you need this product.  the best on the market.z
outstanding
this is a very good item and we now have three of them. they are very helpful.
love the colors, the paper stock, and the beautiful details of this vintage print.  xoxo
it's beautiful. high quality leather and paper.
just what the wife needed for class
product was exactly what i was looking for and was delivered very promptly and was intact.
thanks
great, sturdy material.
wish they were a little heavier. a must have for nerds like me. nuff said.
i like it alot but you must wash carefully and read directions on how to maintain it.
gorgeous cake topper! i am so excited to use this!
beautiful!
it's beautiful and looks just like how it does in the picture. thanks amazon!
perfect cake topper!
simple but does the trick!
this bookstand is study enough to hold large hard cover textbooks and it folds up nicely for easy carrying.
the book stand works great, it does not take up a lot of space, and the price ca not be beat.
this is a great little holder and does the job!
very good, light, foldable, sturdy, and good pricecan easily hold my large usmle-stepnumber books
it's exactly what i wanted. it's very compact, but it can holdany type of book... i highly recommend it.
we have several children and they love to challenge one another with these.  great as a "mind-builder"
awesome item.
love the product for the price.  would recommend. will be used forseveral treats for a mickey party.  quick ship
i found these knives were excellent quality and condition....just asdescribe by the seller and very quick response and shipping.
i have been looking for this item for years. bought extra so i could give them as gifts.
they do there job.
i love these. i use them all the time!!!
wonderful little tool!
have owned several of these over the years. still the same;very useful and serves many purposes.
i hope this version lasts as long as the old one which we had for over number years.
very tight seal and there great for lunchboxes. holds the right amount of dressing for me.
just what i was expecting.  delivered super fast and i could not be happier.
love it!
yea!  these were finally offered through amazon.  i have been wanting them for a long time.  very handy.
this product is adorable.  it is not big.  probably the size of a decorative pillow.
very good quality, get well, available to be used in my country, very good price
came on time. worked fine.
very quick delivery and love the little baskets
i love these...beautiful colors!!
such a great product for the price - love these.
i love these cups!  they are so colorful and a perfect fit for my number old's little hands.
cute. practical. inexpensive!
once again it is summer time and these bowls are great for outdoor barbecues.
great size bowls, wo not break like other kid brands!
this corkscrew is the best.  simple, fast and efficient.
adorable!
i got this for my nephew for christmas and he loved it! carried it around all day!
please could you send me to my e-mail the dimensions of the box for shippingthank yourosana rodriguez
could someone e-mail me at riagnumber@aol.com and let me know where you found the cheap shipping?  thank you :)
easy to use, easy to clean. great performer!small feeding tube. great for small jobs.
we bought it to make baby food with.  it's the perfect size for that!
i purchased this to make baby food and it fit the bill perfectly.  no complaints.
great little food chopper!  has reversible sharp and dull blades.a must-have in any kitchen.
this is a great product. works well. good sizeand easy to clean.
it's sleek and chops beautifully!blades are nice and sharp (be careful)looks nice on counter with black appliances.great product!
love it; works great easy to clean and use; powerful and hastwo settings low and high; thanks again*
got the product and it chops and works really good andfor once its very quite compare to most choppers..
cuisinart dlc-number mini-prep food processor up to today very good machine and compact easy to store in cabinethighly recommended
this does a great job with everything from making smoothies to soup and chopping veggies. i highly recommend it.
given as a gift, got a great price on it. seems happy with it.exactly what she wanted.
just what i needed.  powerful, easy to use.  would buy again and recommend to others.
we love our blender.  it's the second one we have bought this year, it was a gift.  thanks!
this coffee grinder/maker is the balls....this is the fourth one we have had.
programable to be ready when you wake up.excellent coffee,great price and quick shipping totally satisfied customer
we have owned this product before -- excellent value for the $$$.  does as promised.
makes nice ice cream - no ice particles - good price - pretty easy to clean up
this is a great ice cream maker!  very easy to use!  yum!
this machine is great. we purchased a second frozen container, since they take quite awhile to re-freeze.
this item is the perfect size.  it is a bit loud when running, but i recommend for anyone.
i bought this as a christmas gift for my daughter-in-law as sherequested it on her christmas list.
worked wonderfully, end product tastes great, kids had fun adding ingredients, shipped quickly
i love this ice cream freezer.  it is much better than i expected.
this product is easy to use and makes you into a great ice cream maker at first try.
great price and good service from amazon. the appliance made great ice cream. i am pleased.
this machine works great for macking ice cream especially for the price i am happy with this product
this ice cream maker is easy to use, easy to clean and makes delicious ice cream.
i just recieved this ice cream maker and could not be happier.i am very pleased with it.
loved it. made great sorbet. super easy. just remember to freeze ring number hours before you start your project.
so far i have used it twice to make ice cream and it performs very well.  no complaints.
makes the best ice cream in no time. easy to use and comes with great receipes.
excellent ice cream maker.  works as advertised.  quality is very good.  product produced, excellent.
this is fun with the kid but a bit messy. also freezing the coolant takes forever. fun though
makes great toast and takes up minimum counter-space while still looking good when on display.
i love this game it gives you a chance to be nasty and clean at the same time.
i collect beavers so this is great for me.
good quality and well made. easy to fit.
great
filter were oem (loveless) item which fit my loveless vac as designed.arrived as scheduled with no damage to packaging.
vacuum bags for dustless technologies vacuum. it actually filters out clay particles, keeping them inside the vac!
definitely as advertised. prompt delivery
this is also a very useful instrument
excellant product.  very accurate.  i wish the metal body was made of a  thicker gauge.  maybe .number" thicker.
it came the next day and was new.i rated it like this since it deserves this. thanks alot people
excellent fan cools room. only drawback base is large
good design. simple. met my expectations.
great fan works well and mixes well with the decor.
this fan makes my college dorm room so much more enjoyable during the warm months.
great power that is not loud.  would buy another one in the future
quiet
love it
love it.
did great job just like the one i had years ago
works like a charm
good solid design, time proven dependability.
i loved the stuffed peppers i made
it is very useful and safe pressure cooker. no need to import cooker from anywhere.
works wonderfully!
i never knew a pot could cook like this one does.  and the price was great.
it's marvelous - everything a pressure cooker should be!!!  it's smaller and easier to cook with and handle.
cook fast, save time, save energy,easy to maintain the stove top clean.honorable seller providing good service.buy again.
the product works great. no problem so far.it turned out to be what we expected.
the cooker met my expectations.we use this pressure cooker everyday and it works very well for us.great product.
presto pressure cooker came in record time.  is stainless steel, very sturdy, and works wonderful.
it was a pretty good deal with a lower price than the market price and the shipping was free.
i had never used a pressure cooker before but it was easy and cooking time of course was shorter.
good stuff
pros: cooks  fast. uses less energy.very good product at affordable price.cons: none.
i love it. i would go for the number quart for extra room next time.
perfect for a small portions, and easy to use.  i highly recommend this product.
i am very pleased with the only exception that the "owners manual" was missing from the shipment.  please provide.  tia
i have used stainless presto pressure cookers for over number years, this was a gift to my daughter.
could not expect anything more for the money, this cooker works just fine.
i love this cooker, its small size is great for two person meals.
very happy with it -- can make great dinners in a fraction of the time. everyone should own one!
i got exactly what i was looking for and it cost mush less than other on-line retailers. thanks.
i am very happy with my pressure cooker.the food cooks in much less time than a regular pot.thank you.
i have had the number quart for years the number quart is easier to use for many items.
love this pressure cooker!fast and easy to make soup and cook meat.never regret of this purchase. super easy!
no failures, loose parts or any other issues.  we have had it over four years now.great purchase for our family.
i love presto products.had for over number years.  this one is a replacement wore the other out.
this is an excellent product that i highly recommend. i use it number-number times a week.
excellent product!  perfect in every way.  fast delivery.  thanks!
stores in south tx do not carry any pressure cookers, donno why.this is very good qualtiy for the price.
i use this all the time i would not want to be without it.cooks fast & would buy again
ok
well made good quality, gave it as a gift and the recipient loves it!  great value
presto number-quart stainless steel pressure cooker is a well rounded cooking utensil.presto number-quart stainless steel pressure cooker. . .
save time and energy a lot. very good!it would be better if the diameter is a little bit larger.
trying an "old" method of cooking and so far recipes have turned out good.high quality product
i really like this pot. never used a pressure cooker before this but it is great...
very useful item.saves a lot of time in preparing meals.cooks even the toughest meat quickly
it is hard to beat a good pressure cooker.  food is so tender and tasty.
awesome cooker
presto makes a great pressure cooker.  quality product and a good price through amazon.thanks
been looking for one at a good price for dont laugh seven years very conservative person.
great cooker, i like the stainless part. it makes your cooker feel real and solid.
good solid product
i bought this cooker for my wife. she ca not stop raving about it. rice/lentils get done in number-number mins.
i love it!!!!! it's just the right size for my husband and me.it works perfectly. thank you
product arrived quickly and exactly as described and have already put it to good use.
stainless steelworks very good.have had it for few weeks now , so far no problem.is easy to clean.
i am very happy with my pressure cooker that i purchased from amazon.  i am happy with amazon's service.
this is a great pressur cooker. i had a numberqt cooker years ago but this is much better.
bought this for granny so we can eat, guess what . . . it works.
does excellent job of cooking rice/lentils.  easy to maintain and clean. no technical issues.  very satisfied.
this pressure cooker mets all expectations of a quality piece of cookware in construction and ease of operation.
it saves my wife a lot of time in the kitchen.  foods are cooked faster and taste better.
product performs perfectly.  easy to use and easy to clean.  a great value.
item was good worked fine..
the stainless steel cooker performed perfectly and we are happy with the product.
it does what i want it to do.  cooks the food properly and leaves all the taste i want.
greatthis was easy to open and close. more importantly it made the best red beans which were super creamy.
this is the finest freezer in the world probably will only have to buy one in a lifetime
works great and quickly in number-number minutes.  most delicious ice cream ever! worth  the price.
serves its purpose.
they work in my vacuum which is all you can ask of a bag.
will buy again . quality seems to be good.
these are the replacement belts for all eureka uprights that take a round belt
owner of a cleaning business.  this vacuum is light and sturdy.  works great and is easy to maintain.
item arrived on time and in good condition.  i fits perfectly and i use it all the time.
you get exactly what's advertised in the write-up and they came in a reasonable time frame.
i have only used it on tile floors and it works great, i have not tried it on carpet yet.
this product performs as designed and is a real time and effort saver on tile and hard surfaced flooring.
this is a great scrubber, and we use it whenever we need to clean our kitchen floor.
good product.  i expect to be using this buffer for years to come.
what a great product. all the taste and smell left the water after going through this.
great water.  not having to buy bottled water.
this product is difficult to find in stores so i appreciate that i can buy it from amazon.
the water filter was great and at a very reasonable price -- was delivered quickly -- good service -
one of the best filters in the market
just what i was looking for. thank you!
it's just a rubbermaid action packer.if you need one they are fine.i needed one.
traveled to colorado by upshold lotssize was greatwill look forward to sending it other places of travel
worth every penny. quick shipping.
this is the most powerful fan i have ever used. case closed. thank you.
original eureka bags, fits perfectly, high quality
perfect. great transaction, good price.
great vaccum! no complains about seller at all.
powerful suction, great for small or larger jobs around the house.
this small powerhouse does the trick
this was a gift for my mom. she says it works great is lightweight and easy to move around.
what a great little vac!  ca not wait to use it on my cars!
bought this for a gift for grand childvery easy to usewe own this model & like this vacuum.
we bought this vac for our rv. we needed something small but powerful and this vac does the job.
this was a gift for my daughter and she loves it.  it arrived on time and as represented.
i love how powerful this vacuum is!
powerful for a small machine
i bought another one of these for my daugheter for her new place.  this is a great little vacuum!
love my little power vaccum. no beaters to get stuck no belts burning, just great light and powerful.
really works great!
incredible price for light, powerful machine, timely delivered.pleasure to use.  easy to store. works like a charm.love it!
works on my floors and gets all the dirt and dust up. i love it and the price too!!
just as maneuverable and a little huskier than our original mighty mite ii from number or number years ago.
this is a handy, small but mighty. i use it everywhere that my bug vacuum ca not go.
exactly as described and arrived fast. thanks
light weight , easy use from wheelchair .  love it
may husband watches are grandchildren during the day and this vacuum is wonderful for keeping things clean!
works pretty well. very light. easy to charge.
very please with it
good machine for quick, short pickup jobs. works good on carpet and flooring. i like the lightweight.
i purchased this item for my wife, she cleans me mother-in-laws home. she loves the hoover for cleaning.
works great and well built. highly recommend it. was easy to put together, nice and light.
this works really well. cleaned all our carpets in our car. worth the cost.
great price and hard to find in my area. definatly will buy from this vender in the future.
good product.  does the job.the plungers arrived quickly.  were relatively easy to change.  local farm stores do not carry these.
i love it. and it was easy to install.
great service product within description.
well, i have never written a review on a vacuum bag before, but here it goes...it works great!
perfect fit in my very old vacuum. good price. very pleased.
eureka !!!!!
great product and reasonable price.
brand name belt, fit perfectly and has worked great.shipped quick and had a reasonable price.
have not used them yet-i have been using the cloth bag so far. they shipped very quickly though.
i lake
delivered as promised, packaged well. will deal with this seller again as needed.
the bags are the right ones.  we could not find them locally.
great price, and the bags fit! fast delivery!
i could not find these vacuum bags anywhere!  thankfully amazon had them.  thanks, amazon!
three bags for $number.number and works as they should. much cheaper than buying at sears!
perfect seller, faster than the speeed of light shipping.  communication was excellent!  thank you!!!
took a little longer to arrive then i had hoped but they did come and they work just fine.
just what i needed
great product!!!
satisfied
work like a charm.  thanks!
it had lot more suction than i would have imagined for this price range. works well.
have not had to replace the belt yet, but delivery was on time and the price was right
work very well
this i a great vaccum cleaner and would reccomend it to anyoneespecially with petsgood value alsogood suck power
have not had to use the replacement belts yet. but it came in a timely manner.
wonderful, easy access, small and just righti would order the same cooler again if i needed too thank you
what else can i say??????????????what else can i say?what else can i say?what else can i say?
nice product no issues.delivered on time.giving this review after using it for number months.no worries till dateeverything worked great
the white mountain electric ice cream maker does a great job in a very short time.
this product was everything i hoped!  best homemade ice cream freezer for the money!
these ice cream freezers are used in a restaurant, and are subjected to heavy usage. their performance is excellent.
this brand may cost more but is well worth the extra money.  absolutely makes the creamiest ice cream.
love this ice cream maker.  it's so much better and faster than the cheap ones!
great ice cream maker...worth the $$$..makes in the amount of time stated number-number mins.  very, very creamy
bought this freezer as a gift. have been told it makes great ice cream in about number-number minutes.
husband was looking for a good ice cream maker, and we found one!  love it!
recieved on time and is as advertised.
this freezer makes the best ice cream ever!!!!  had one for over number years and it finally wore out.
i probably use this at least once a week and absolutly love it.  quick, easy, and delicious.
great ice cream great deal my kids love it i am a happy momma!
this is a great ice cream freezer. just like i remember in the old days!
works great ! crank model is quieter but thats for people who are not lazy like me... enjoy !
so glad you still sale this bag! my vacuum cleaner thanks you and so do i.
very well made, great organizational aid. look good and keeps things neat and professional in appearance. great price also.
excellent quality and comfortable to hold and does a great job.
nice peeler. excellent quality. i like it.
the best
like all oxo products, it's well made and does the job it's intended to do.
its been six months i am using it to peel vegetables. works perfectly.loved it for its price too..ghg f
best peeler i have ever owned. so easy, no hand cranking. highly recommend.
personally i feel this is hands down the best veggie peeler invented.easy to clean, works very well. great product!
the oxo peeler gets good reviews from everyone,if yours is old or dull, get this.peeling just got easier!recommended...
if nothing else, the amount of time you save with this peeler makes it all worth it for me.
excellent.  easy to hold.  works great!
i really love all oxo products. you can depend on the quality.my peeler was shipped fact an well packaged
perfekt!
this is a gem.  does the job great!  i wish i had purchased one of these years ago...
oxo brand delivers again!durable peeler better than other i have tried
very good peeler for big hands!  sharp blades.  recommended by cook's magazine.
perfect perfect, works well, buy it
love this peeler.  numbernd one in number years.  holds up great.
works great for all my kitchen needs. i am a lefty and have no problems using this.
i would recommend this product...cores apples w/ ease. it's also easy to clean.
just what i expected
core an apple in seconds.easy to gripe handle.made apple slices,  i am thinking apple dumplings are in my future!
excellent!
i like the handle - it is very nice to grip.  the corer works very well the first try
i bought it two months ago and i have been using it almost everyday. i love it!
love it!
i use it all the time.slight twist and push down and you are done. great product.
the handle is ergonomic and very comfortable, and it works perfectly every time, unlike cheap openers.
my wife loves it
excellent.it's very sharp. so it's very easy to use.perfect for kitchen , hah.ca not think out any weakness.
this peeler is sharp and has a good grip. i love it. will recommend to others
excellent product.  my wife loves it, however, you could buy it cheaper at target.
wow! i wish i had this years ago. easy on the hands and very efficient. great peeler.
it works i have not found a jar it does not open, it will not break plastic
sturdy. gets the job done.
works as expected... oxo good grips products are always strudy and long lasting.... recommended
this scoop is shaped perfectly to make full rounded scoops of ice cream. very satisfying.
excellent dishwashing brush;nice sift handle
great scrub brush - gets the job done at a good price.
does what it's supposed to do
good value.  just as expected.
great knife, ever better than the earlier version i think!great value for the quality of the knife.would recommend!
i wish i had bought this a long time ago - great for bread and tomatoes.
very sharp, very pleased with this product
i dont know how i spread icing on cakes prior to having this spreader!  it is fantastic!
this is the best tool for spreading sandwich filling on bread.  i love it.
best part about this spreader is its grip! comfortable to use and easy to clean. a no-brainer to buy.
cuts right through my whole grain breads no problem.  you ca not beat the price.
gets the job done and easy on the wallet, to boot.
these work as well as i expect from oxo. good quality and easy to use.
this is a good, effecient grapefruit knife.  the curve is a good angle and it's quite sharp.
this oxo item is rock solid! worth the money, and definitly does tenderize meat. item shipped exactly as described!great.
i love all my oxo products.  this  works great and is  an excellent purchase for the price.
the grip is exactly what my arthritic hand needed.  love it for mashing anything.
works very good
what can you say it is built solid and does its job
this product is heavy duty and well made. i would buy again from this company.
the slicing ability and ease of use makes this a welcome addition to by kitchen utensils.
works well.
comfortable handle, sharp, cuts well, rolls easily, and easy to clean. what more can you want?
very useful
this is the best and sharpest zester ever!! love it!! so easy to use too!!
i love this zester!  it is so easy to use and clean!  it can even provide peels.  fabulous product!!
this tool is soo easy!  the cleanup was not nearly as bad as i expected, either.  i highly recommend!
works well.  this neat gadget is hard to find!!this gadget is hard to find anywhere else!!every one needs this!
thank goodness for curtis stone!!  i first learned of this kitchen tool through his show and love it!
without this it is not possible to make smooth mashed potato
mom loves it !parboil vegetables like spinach and squeeze out the excess water except mesh potatoes.very good !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have two in the kitchen.  it is easy to twist the handle.  i would recommend it.
works great, as i would expect from any other oxo product.  high quality.
this handle makes is really easy and comfortable to open anything you want.
i would not use any other kind -- and this can opener is my favorite stocking stuffer as well!
this is a wonderful can opener.  it opens without any hitches and is easy on my wrist and fingers.
works very well and easy to grip... i also bought the number inch tongs after using these
they work great, clean up well and is very likely are most used tool in the kitchen.
it is used often, works well and would buy the same product again.
oxo good grips tongs number number-inch. number stars. perfect for every dish. i ordered another one.
these tongs are the best on the market. they seem very well-made and feel very natural in the hand.
finish is great, the locking mechanism works well, comfortable rubber grips, convenient hang loop.
i bought about number of these just to have on hand while the others are in the dishwasher...love them!!!
they get the job done. no complaints.
the mechanism on these tongs is far superior to other locking tongs i have purchased.
the number-inch oxo good grips are well made, easily stored, and useful in the kitchen and for the grill.
the best tongs i have found.they are also recommended by cooks illustrated: which is a reason to buy them.
great product- sturdy and easy to cook with. good size for stirring pasta or flipping meat, chicken, fish, etc..
excellent, just as described. we want to toss it would work with both salad and pasta.
awesome bo bawesome. love the way to lock them, it took me a minute to realize. thank you!
i love these tongs.  the are just what i expected, from the picture and discription.
this cooking utensil is well designed and perform the job well and seemlessly. great tool.
great tongs! well built, strong, great for bbq.liked so much, bought the two smaller sizes for use in kitchen.
very heavy-duty high quality tongs. the locking system works great and the overall feel is very balanced.
great product. just what i wanted! perfect size! plus better then plastic ends so they dont melt!
i use them whenever i bbq or grill.  love them.  they work great!
this is a must have in any kitchen!  easy to handle, inexpensive and so versatile!
holds well and sticks to metal great value
good clips - not the cheapie kind you get at the dollar store.  should last a good while.
these clips are excellent - brightly colored, high quality, and they grip onto anything.
these attractive little clips do just what they should. i use them on the bags inside cereal boxes.
this can opener is the best i have owned. easy on the hands, efficient on the cans.
easy to use, and i love the locking mechanism.
excellent can opener ,you can open any can with ease & it is worth every penny spent !!!
these tools are either a baker or a person who cannot bake...very easy to be used....
best corkscrew i have ever owned or tried for a fraction of what those fancy ones cost.
wife loves it, and it's what she wanted!
awesome product!  very simple to use and also doubles as a salad bowl.  highly recommend this item.
i use it on store bought pre-made salads.  it does a good job drying greens!
works great for getting rid of most of the water after washing greens.
love, love, love! easy to use and helps keep my veggies fresh
works great.  size is perfect.  love the all-in-one strainer/spinner/bowl thing.  makes me much more likely to make salads now.
works just as expected.  oxo seems to always make quality products and this is no exception.  easy to use.
great tool for the kitchen, a must have. i have had mine number+ years, no problems!
very satisfied with this product; easy to use and really gets moisture out of leafy vegetables.  sturdy construction.
great little spinner.  no issues, easy to use
works great with salad and larger items such as: fruits and vegetables.
no more colanders and paper towel and you can store your greens in it too.i really enjoy this product.
product design is excellent and is well made.may be the best salad spinner ever!
this thing is great. perfect for a small family and does not hog up all the cupboard space.
well-manufactured, excellent design, useful salad spinner has been utilized since i unpacked the box.  highly recommend.
very sturdy and good quality.
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it!  now i want to buy the smaller one.
the little lady loves this product and the way it is laid out
my wifes loves the salad spinner.  even better, my daughter likes to use it.
this item actually works great.  the only problem is storing it.  it is large.
this is the best salad spinner i have ever used.  you ca not miss with this one.  lenoir carry
oxo good grips salad spinneri do not know why i waited so long to order this.  it's absolutely wonderful.
it's so great, i bought a second one for our weekend house.
i love the way the lettuce comes out---dry and fresh looking.  this product works as claimed.
i love this spinner.
just a wonderful tool. not only cleans salad efficiently but keeps it fresh longer.
a wonderful little kitchen helper. finally i do not have tofight with the crank kind of lettuce cleaner. very convenient!
this is a great spinner...works with little effort, easy to clean, and storing lettuce in the bowl is great!
i love the oxo full-sized salad spinner.  i use it for salad greens and also for sprouts...works great!
you wo not be disappointed.  the bowl is very large and will accomodate a hefty amount of greens.
qxq has done it again.  great salad spinner.  my arthritic hands applaud oxo
it drys lettuce as well as a variety of other fruits and vegetables.thank you oxo for a great product.
you need this if you every make salads. the quality is great and it works perfectly
do not wait! grab it now! this is truly the very best spinner on the market!
it's a little bulky, but does the trick.  love how easy it is to use.
round and round water out.
one of the greatest kitchen tools i have ever purchased.
i love this product, works as described!
this is the perfect salad spinner.  easy to use, easy to clean, looks great, easy to spin.
i use this to dry my wet wool and yarn. fantastic amount of space and ahell of a spin!!
started getting my veggies from the farmer's market.  this device not only leaves the leafy greens clean, it's fun!
works great and very handy. i enjoy eating apples more this way.
we really enjoy this product.  my kids eat a lot more apples and pears now.
easy to useeasy to cleansimple and sturdy designgood quality plasticsteel is sharp and easy to clean
i really like the back shape and feel to grip it. nice brush.
love it! works great on many kinds of fruits and vegetables.
nice vegetable brush; soft to the hands
great brush for scrubbing your vegies.
good little brush for the money. simple, functional, attractive -- like most oxo products. this does the trick.
perfect size, works great.  do not let folks use it on dishes, it's too good for that ;-}
love oxo products! they are so well made!
works great for stubborn carrot dirt, gentle enough for mushrooms. oxo, once again, makes a great product.
any food with rough skin that needs a brush would benefit from this. plus it is dish washer safe.
this is very easy to hold veggie brush. it's not only comfortable and sturdy, but kind of cute, too!
comfortable for small hands. it washes up well and does well on veggies. would buy again.
nice little vegetable brush.  it has an effective, non-slip surface and fits solidly in the palm of the hand.
best vegetable brush i have ever used!  extremely fast at cleaning potatoes and similarly sized tubers/vegetables.  grip is comfortable.
you ca not beat this product. it makes mashing anything easy and consistent. definately, an excellent buy.
excellent choice
having broken number mashers was looking for a strong grip and sturdy product, this is it
this is the potato masher i have been looking for!  i use it instead of my mixer.  highly recommend!
the best ice cube trays ever invented!
i only need a few cubes at a time so this is perfect
it's a good ice tray, bpa free, with a cover. it's easy to get the ice out.
great oyster shucker.  solid build, non-slip handle, and thick enough blade to open even the hardest ones.love this product.
works great on all the oysters i have tried.  the grip is very comfortable.
great for the price!
it is a great product, we are oyster farmers, and its so easy to use.comfortable and safe to use.
bought it for my husband, have not used it yet but he said it is just what he needed.
the seafood picks were sturdy and fit really good in the hand. i am very happy with the purchase.
back to order another! nuff said!
works great.quality brush cleans well and is easy on finishes.quick, clean refill.. lid stays closed and does not leak.recommend
a v useful product. i would definetly recommend.the brush is dish washer safe and can be thus easily claned.
great
this is absolutely the best product of this type that i have owned.  try it, you will love it too!
this is a great little strainer, its serves many purposes.  its especially great for rinsing berries and quinua (sp)
just what i needed. sturdy with easy handle to use. great quality. i have number of these.
this is well made. sturdy and i am sure it will last for a long time.
like all oxo products, this strainer is great.  quality is great, washes well... great deal.
no surprise - oxo good grips strainer is a high quality product.  durable and does its job well.
this strainer has very fine mesh which is great for washing quinoa, millet, and other very small grains.
very sturdy strainer, should last for years and of course shipping and handling by amazon is always impeccable
good tool for scooping out melons. it stays sharp forever. easy to use. way easier than using a spoon.
this baller is very comfortable and secure when making fruit flowers all day
i use it pretty much every week for fruit salad.  happy so far.  it seems sturdy.
got it cause the wife said she wants one.  never seen her use it though.  but it looks nice.
works exactly as expected. feels nice in the hands and looks great.what else were you looking for?
great product in perfect condition.  thank you!
really nice for serving at the table. works well. great product from oxo, as usual.
it will mash your potatoes... in style. :)also, easy to grip... but i have not used many others.
all oxo kitchen tools are great.  this is another one.  solid build.  opens cans easily.
best can opener i have ever used.  plus my wife does not complain about opening cans anymore.  very good product.
have had several garbage can openers and finally one that works!opens with no problem.  highly recommend this can opener.
i have used this can opener for close to a year.  it is simply the best.  highly recommended.
i like this can opener because it is easy to handle and use.  the blade is sharp.
i love this opener. it works so smoothly and easily. really nice!
i replaces my electric opener for this one. love it. washes easily and easy on my wrist!
i waited how many years to buy another can opener and now wished i had done it sooner! effortless!
this can opener has been been my saving grace now that i have a touch of arthritis.
this can opener is ergonomic which makes it easy to use.  so far no problem.oxo steel can opener
this is the best can opener i have ever used.this is the best can opener i have ever used.
this is the best can opener i have ever usedit works easily and very wellwell worth the price thank you
very useful, simple to use and always works. have it for a year now and no issues.
what can i say.  it's so nice to own items that work smoothly and well.
works great ,look even better the best can opener i'v ever used ..
works so much better than most inexpensive electrics. big handle makes it easy to turn.
great opener. works like a charm.
great product.  opens all cans with ease.  easy on the hands and works great.
this is the best manual can opener i have ever had. it opens cans with very little effort.
works perfectly. requires minimal force required to rotate the handle. so good you will be opening cans for fun.
this can opener works like a dream.  smooth and effortless!
for my lefthanded son
i love it.  it is very sharp and comfortable to use.  highly recommend it!
this can opener has a great grip, smooth and easy cutting on the lid. i am very happy with it.
this is a nice, modern, and well designed can-opener. ergonomically, it blends form & function. terrific.
oxo steel can openerthis is the best can opener on the market. it works excellent!
it's oxo, so it works great, as you would expect. well made and good looking, if a bit pricey.
this product just feels well-made. fits nicely in the hand with nice styling. i love this line.
pros:rubber gripnicely weightedthin leading edge to get under delicious food items (like pancakes)cons:be careful not to scratch nonstick pans
great
great product. light weight and sturdy. this product is well made. i will definately purchase more products from them!
as described.  it does the job.
sleek look and comfortable design. comes out clean from dishwasher with ease. we love this line.
good build. does not easily bend.
i really like this fork.  very stylish & works great.  my husband used it for bq.
nice and heavy
everything was as expected absolutely great
another well made oxo item, billed as a lasagna turner but can be used for many chores.
love the grip handle especially. very high quality mixing bowls. i will probably buy more at some point.
-- and it seems to be microwave safe, too.
this bowl is great for cooking.  it is stable when mixing and easy to clean.
the bowl does just what they claim - it stays put while i am using it.  good product.
its the perfect size to mix those few ingredients for a family size cakenumber i am enjoying it a lot
the rubberized bottom and well designed handle and pouring spout, make mixing a breeze!
easy to use, stores nicely, cleans easily, pours reliably... what more could you ask?  best i have ever owned.
and it seems to be microwave safe, too.
it's gorgeous, works great (does not burn your hand), clever design, whistle not too loud - we love it!
great spatulas. i use them to clean bowls of batter or dough
it is very comfortable in my hand and does not stain from red sauces. i like it very much
great for those with arthritis of the hands as it is easy to hold !
so cute and they are substantial - not flimsy like the ones they replaced.
handles are nice and firm, compared to others that i have have bought
i have used them, love them.
these are wonderful tools that feel great in your hand and wash up without stains.
excelent spatulas, i am a fan of oxo stuff!!!!best cooking experience with them, durable and resistant.i have a collection!!!
great tool to use to lift pie crust off the mat.
i am using it right now and it's a great buy. love it!
i use this tool almost every day i live!  wonderful!
handy tool
yet another excellent product from oxo.
wonderful product--has saved me time when baking bread and makes cleanup easier in the long run!
love this item.works great for pastry arts class
i use this everytime i cook....  handy tool.
great quality item.
nice quality.  bought for a gift and  it is better than mine.  like the measuring rule on the edge.
very easy to use.  the handle is nice to hold on too.  dishwasher safe.
like many of oxo's product, a tour de force!  now back to one of macallan's products (cask-strength!)!
i love making home made bread and pizza and this pastry scraper is wonderful; i could not ask for more.
works great. durable. easy to clean.i would buy it again.i use this for baking bread, even cutting soaps!
love it!!!! use it every time i cook.
great little tool for the kitchen.  its a heavy one but it is good quality.
handle is comfortable, fits the hand well.stainless steel is high-qualityworks well with peace pinto and cleaning up cut vegetables
great dough knife
this kitchen tool has many uses and is indeed very handy.exactly what i was looking for.
i use this to scoop up cut veggies, etc from the cutting board. it is great!
this knife was reviewed on america's test kitchen on t.v. it is great and the price was right.
excellent kitchen item
well made and very usefull
use this all the time, great item, comfy handle!measure marks on blade are very helpful :-)
as explained.very durable, easy to clean and does the work effortless.well worth the money. who recommend to a friend.
very useful in the kitchen, i like it a lot and use it oftensix six six more words needed
this is a pro tool.  high quality is evident.  it even has a measurement etched into the bottom edge.
i just love this product. it's dishwasher safe, i use it to scrape up my chopped vegetables.it's wonderful.
oxo good grips pastry scraperdoes it job well and is easy to handle
i love this product, it was a birthday gift and i have used it repeatedly since i received it.
the handle is very nice. i wish i used mine more often, but i just forget to use it.
perfect sifter. works great.  small in size so easy to store.  would definitely buy it again.
better than expeected. perfect for my pastries!
as with mos of the good grips products, very comfortable handle. works good and appears to be drable.
good for small jobs.solid, well made. the loops are strong and well spaced to provide optimal whipping/mixing action, yea.
excellent whisk - buying one for my daughter!!
great price exactly as expected
love this product! sturdy and can be put in the dishwasher. the rubber handle is also nice.
love all oxo products, and this is no exception!
just what i needed.
awesome grip on the handle. i am pleased.
excellent whisk! nice soft feel and most importantly does exactly what it should do... recommended
perfect for non-stick cookware.  does the job and is easy to clean.  great item.
good deal for the money.  great with pots that you do not want to scratch surfaces of.
we use this for our nonstick pan whisking. dishwasher safe. nice soft handle. we like it some real good.poop
this little gem is just what i needed.doesn't scratch my panor fall apart.
would recommend for non-stick pans.  it works great without having to worry about scratching them with the metal whisks.
these work great for dosing my saltwater aquarium. no worrying about rust and clean very easily.
these are easy to use, easy to clean and can see the measurements clearly on the spoons.
i only wish i would gotten these earlier! they are functional and i feel like i have got a good grip.
an ergonomically designed set of number accurate spoons with good balance at a good price.
i am happy with these measuring spoons. the print does not come off like some spoons i have had.
like the updated design of these!
good quality, stacking and ease off and on the ring. love them
these are perfect for my hard working hands to hold.easy to read size markers and easy pouring.  just right!
so easy to use, store and looks good too.
have had many sets over the years. this set is the best.
bought these for my sister because she was eyeing up my set. love them.
love these things!  they look very nice and are easy to read!not much more to say. very nice product
oxo brand is always reliable.i got this product so i can do all my great recipes.great and valuable!!
my tool set looks good on my kitchen counter and it serves it s purpose.
very nicehard sturdy nylona little longer than average onesexcellent delivery time -- thanks
the size is perfect for my large hands, oxo is the best kitchen gadget company around.
this is a good variety of separate units that work well and have good quality and usefulness.
substancial, works well with my large skillets, will hold a number pound roast with no problem.
needed a fork for my non-stick pans.  this does the trick for what i needed.
i relley like this item, its just the right size.
works good
this turner is very convenient. the size is perfect and the handle is comfortable to hold.
just what i was looking for.i wanted something which i can use when deep frying and this is perfect
good.
very good product, make sure to use low fat milk. number% works just well for me.
this frother works great and has more power than others i have owned,go for it!
this is a great can opener.  it is very durable, and works great.
excellent can opener. great for arthritic hands
this opener did just what it was advertised to do. easy operation and great looks.
it's great. stays clean, no sharp edges, very happy with this product.
it's just simply amazing
best i have ever seen.  no sharp edges, you do not touch the top and does not requirewashing after opening.
great product!  fast delivery.  thanks!
this little pot is great! it's handling all recipes for the number or number qt pot.
excellent piece of equipment, made cooking beans a breeze. the pressure controls performed as expected.
having used rikon duromatic for number years i can only say: congratulations. great value for a great product.
it fulfilled all our expectation.i would recommend it without hesitation to,everybody.easy to handle joy to work with. perfect product.
this whisk does a good job mixing salad dressings and sauces.it fits into small spaces,but does a great job.
this is a great whisk. the handle is very comfortable. great value!
love this whisk - a few reasons:excellent designquality materialssolid constructioneffective performancedishwasher safeversatilemade in the usa!
well made, not too heavy easy to handle, love it use it all the time...
love this tool.it works really good.use it all the time.it cameright when it was suppose to.have a nice day.
nice little cake pans, very novel.  price ca not be beat , twice the price on other sites.
really heavy pans, easy to use. first cake came out perfect!
i use this for making shells from gyoza shells for ahi tacos.  absolutely amazing and delicious.
works great.  i particularly love making crispy flour tortillas with this as well.
this set of tortilla pans make excellent shells for salads.
perfect
just what i needed.
great pan. it is really nice since the cups are smaller then the number cup pan. cooks evenly.
...this pan makes great popovers, but remember to preheat the oven with the pan inside!
i would order from these people again in a heartbeat. great merchandise and quick arrival date. perfect.
this is the second one i have purchased. they are great and so easy to clean.
this is not mt first chicago bakeware piece and  it certainly will not be my last.
another great product from one of my favorite kitchen ware companies. recommend chicago metallic products.
made homemade sour dough bread from my starter, wonderful result, am using it weekly.
delivery was prompt and it bakes great with very little clean up required
good pans. i use them to make gluten free french bread. love the crispy crust!
the holes make it bake so evenly. i am really please with it.
the pan is just as it is described.  it arrived quickly.  great value.
great tool, if you like to bake your own baguettes this is great!
we use these pans daily, not only do they hold up well, they produce a beautiful product.
what a great invention!  i take a bite of my baguette and feel like i am in paris!
an excellent bread pan for making several types of bread.
until i change my kitchen drawers with ikea parts, i am using these cookie sheets as liners.
great cookie sheet.. solid, sturdy... does not warp under temperature.  what more can you ask?
this cookie sheet is a great size and works very well.  my cookies turn out perfect every time.
great cookie sheet-what more can a person say?  nice lite weight and good size.  glad i bought.
this a solid product at a fair price.  i am very pleased with my purchase so far!
this is a well made pan and the largest that i have been able to locate thusfar on line.
great pan.  i purchased two and am very happy with the quality.
well made and functions perfectly!  i will buy other chicago commercial products for my home kitchen.
exactly met my expectations. i will be ignoring (or tossing) all my cheap, flimsy cake pans now.
i love this pan.  the sides are actually strait for good cake making.  very heavy duty.
perfect depth, excellent cake surface, and wonderful heat distribution. this is the reward for from-scratch bakers.
i received this pan and put it right to work.  it bakes evenly and consistently.  very nice pan.
we are replacing all our coated pans.  this is a great pan
we tried these for thanksgiving and the crusts came out very consistent.
perforated pie tins are hard to find in store. these purchased through amazon were great buys.
your pie crust will be cooked throughout using these pans! no more soggy crust when baking a pumpkin pie!
these are the absolute best!!!number mojo*z!!!!!
this is a nice and heavy cake pan. it does not have a lid but i can live with that.
awesome pan, very heavy duty, lid is also great.  makes a great gift or addition to any kitchen.
just what i was looking for. these will come in handy next christmas time.
chicago metallic gourmetware nonstick number-cup muffin panworks great.  fits in the toaster oven.
needed a small frying pan and this one is perfect.  cooks quickly and it's easy to clean.
need to measure a liquid using multiple units of measurements? this beaker is for you. high geek factor.
concept is great.  mine has lasted six years so far.  i love it.
this measuring cup is the most accurate out there.  very easy to use, and the lid is convenient.
i have found this product so useful i bought a second one.
i would rather use this than any of my other measuring cups. it's diverse and wonderful!
makes great coffee.  easy to assemble.  like it fine even though the clock stopped working.
this coffee maker is easy to use and makes great coffee at a great price
my husband loves his coffeemaker.we have tryed other brands and we prefer the melitta brand.
this coffee maker actually has me making great coffee. it is easy to use and always taste perfect.
i love this product!!!!!!!!  it is wonderful, quick, easy!  would buy melitta again.
i love this coffeemaker. easy to clean, makes great coffee.  what more could you ask for?
i am hopeless at cooking and even i managed to make great crepes with this contraption! love it.
this is a great appliance.  easy to use, quick clean-up.  ca not beat the price.
makes the best bread. have never had a bad result. very large size, though.
we are completly satisfied with the features and the functions of this machine. it has exceeded what we exspected.
great anything these day that dose what it says is great and yes no recipes over number number/number cups
excellent machine, ease of use was key for me.  easy clean up, great buy.
excellent machine.  it is easy to use, and the final product is delicious.  a snap to clean.
it does everything it advertises it does and does it well.
there's nothing like waking up to the smell of fresh cinnamon raisin bread.  we really enjoy this product.
easy to use, fast to get the bread, my wife likes it a lot!
best thing i ever bouth get one know  love it better then ordering a pizza taste super
this is our second grnumberawht grill.  we used the first one until it wore out. we love it!
it's great. hamburgers, steaks, grilled cheese sanwiches, everything is fast and to pefection. best gift i ever got.
...of informercial products.  but i have tried it, love it and recommend it.
love the foreman. have had many, i like this size. was just as i saw it. thanks
for the money, you ca not beat this little grill!
where can i get a book of recipes to use with this unit??
makes cooking and cleaning easy.  stores easily and does not smell after use.  great buy.
its a really good piece of equipmet that has never failed me
it was a good size.  you could fix two items at the same time.
mom had one for years.  bought this one and am amazed how quickly it makes your coffee.  recommend it!
excellent product. makes delicious hot coffee and keeps it warm well after perking process has finished.
it makes hot coffee which so many other pots do not and it is so quick.
item arrived timely and was in perfect condition---it also makes the best cup of coffee
the coffee pot is great.  glad i did not pay full price at the local stores.
if you like your coffee hot this is the pot to buy.also amason is a great place to buy.t.d.j.
my new percolator makes such good coffee, i bound out of bedeach morning just thinking about it!
makes great coffee and keeps it hot.  great for the price!!!!
excellent performance.  this is a replacement purchase.  we have use faberware coffee makers for over number years.
the farberware coffee pot is an exceptional value we are very satisfied with the purchase.
the hottest, freshest cup of coffee you will ever drink.
great item.  our second one.  first one lasted for number years.  superfast to make coffee, great all around
this is the best coffeepot i have ever owned.  the coffee is hot and steaming.
back to the basics...this percolator is not only calssic looking, it still makes better coffee than any other system...
excellent product. basically, the only coffee percolator we are happy with. amazon's service and delivery was perfect.
i use this item at my office and it is the perfect size for my small office.
this a great electric percolator for two people. makes great coffee and keeps it hot.
my husband decided he did not want coffee anymore and i do not drink coffee.
gift for granddaughter. i have one and she really liked it and she requested it for birthday!
this is our favorite coffee pot fast and easy.
this percolator is just what i wanted.  perfect size and perks great tasting coffee.
the farberware coffee pot makes great coffee better than the drip pots. coffee is always hot
the product  performed up to our expectations on a recent trip.  we are very pleased.
works great.
great percolator!!! coffee tastes better percolated!  easy to use and clean.  just the right size too.
great coffee percolator;  reasonably  priced;  not the first one that we have owned....and probably not the last.  north carolina
a good coffee percolator that brews an excellent cup of coffee .... no fancy frills or doo-dads .... period!!
i received the product in a timely manner. it was brand new. it makes the coffee nice and hot.
very good product.  have used these pots for years.  great delivery and good price.
i prefer this over more modern varieties. coffee is hotter and it's easy to clean,no nooks and crannies.
had trouble finding this particular coffee maker and was so happyi found it here.......it's one of the best
i had forgotten how good coffee could taste.  my new percolator reminded me.  and it stays good and hot.
this is the only coffee pot i have used in over number yrs.  makes the best coffee ever!
love this pot, keeps coffee hot, perks fast.  best cup of coffee ever. :)
only had it for a month but i like it.  perfect size for two people.
i love it!  it makes delicious coffee!
i hope the percolator lasts longer than the last one.which was number years of house hold operation.thank you.
i had one for years, it disappeared when my child moved out, funny how that happens.love the new one!
i am very happy with the quality, price and delivery.  christmas shopping was much easier.  thanks amazon.com
makes the best coffee -- much better than the drip kind and is very fast.
we sure have enjoyed this product. the coffee is hotter than with a drip.it is fast.
only kind of coffee maker i will own. farberware is the best and always has been, to me.
first purchase on amazon.  excellent choice.  prompt delivery.  my husband is delighted...again a delicious cup of coffee.
the coffee post works great and we got in about number days without paying postage.
i love it!  it's better than i expected.  makes hot, i mean hot, coffee. worth every penny.
great coffee pot.  i liked mine so well that i ordered one as a christmas gift for a relative.
coffee tast better.  right size.  make coffee fast.  unable to want or add any thing more.
great
we were looking for a small percolator that was fast.  this is exactly what we were looking for.
i have bought many of these farberware pots over the years.  they really do produce a cup a minute.
i want a hot cup of coffee and this electric percolator makes delicious hot coffee every single time
love this !! so quick and it looks very classy too.will be buying another one when this one dies.
i have owned several of these perculators over the years and i think they make the best coffee possible.
this little percolator makes a great cup of coffee very quickly and real hot.
great little coffee maker. super-hot coffee that tastes good and easy to clean. excellent purchase.
works great!  makes small amounts of delicious coffee!  very handy!
i really like my percolator.  it is very fast when i want a cup of tea.
delivered promptly. product was as described. good price.
tried other percolators, returned them all.  this percolator makes the best coffee.  it should be sold in more places.
this is wonderful. ready first thing in the morning. stays hot , the n turns off after number hours.
we bought this coffee pot in dec. number and it is still making great coffee in may number.
we love this coffee maker.  it makes a great hot cup of coffee.  we would recommend anytime!!!
this was for use at our church, it makes very good coffee and keeps it hot.
very good, very big, even heat and a quick start setting. i think farberware is the "sony" of cooking!
we are having so much fun cooking the easy way, the meals are great.
this is the perfect way to control flies. it also takes care of other small insects.
sent rapidly.  does very well as refill for victor fly traps.  highly recommended.
quality is outstanding, lifetime warranty, and the reduced price on amazon makes it a steal.
the liquid stays warm or cool, so a great cup.  i really like the handle.
this is just like the one that my grandmother owned, but the handle is easier to move!
use it very often and it works great
this is just plain a great product. reasonable price and super quality. you will be satisfied with this wok.
i received the wok quickly.  have used it several timesafter breaking it in and am thoroughly satisfied with it.
great addition to my wok
very fast shipping.  excellent transaction.  thank you.
delivery was prompt and exactly as represented in the presentation of the product for sale.  thank you, lsi
excellent product.  on time shipping.
works the way it should, great producteasy to use and cleananyone that cooks in the kitchen needs this
i was looking for a small spring form pan so i could cook for two.  this one is perfect.
this pan is really well-made and i used it to bake cheesecakes.  works great.
the noblesse brand of kaiser is one of their best ones. it is great.
i like this springform pan works very well.easy to clean would make a nice gift
finally--a really great cookie sheet--no sticking, no burning--just a nice finish and the clean-up is no problem
has not warped, nothing sticks, quality feel and cookies cook evenly. nice quality cookie sheet.
i am very satisfied with this product. no warping, no stick, and a good solid feel.
best cookie sheet i have ever bought..
great styling and functionality, though i think it's off by number degrees.
this item was exactly as advertised!  we have used it several times already and it works like a charm!
this is a great thermometer but i paid $number.number for it at bed, bath, and beyond.
did the research on amazon and all the reviews pointed to this timer.  love it.
this timer is awesome.  does just about everything you need in a kitchen timer and more.
a very good timer.  sturdy.  second time i have purchased this one.  the last one lasted a bunch of years.
perfect, exactly what i was looking for. holds up to heat, and easy to wash!
great tongs.  i use them all the time, mainly for salad.  they look elegant on the table.
easy to use just as easy to clean excellent
works great bought it to replace one i had for a long time.
always satisfied with the popping outcome!
purchased this popcorn popper, nothing but rave reviews from my family.  works great, fast, easy clean up, no hassle.
this is the best popcorn popper made.  i had one before and it must have lasted over number years.
they enjoyed the gift of the popcorn popper very much
kids use this almost everyday. they love it.
great popcorn popper.works perfect.just mix a little bit of oil, corn, sugar and vanila... and youll get cinema popcorn!!!
the best popcorn we have ever had -- hands down.  great product, and durable, too!
i really liked it and it was easy to clean up after use.actually my sister recommended the stir crazy.
works great!  it makes awesome kettle corn too!  easy to use and clean.will definitely recommend it to any one.
makes great popcorn.  i use it number-number times per week.  i stick with canola oil and salt.
the item was sent as a gift to someone else.  the person who recieved the the popper loved it!
popcorn maker works very well. make sure to adjust stirer and follow the directions. very easy and great quality.
i am very happy with my purchase.  it makes a nice bowl of pop corn.
we use the popper frequently.  enjoy it every time.  easy to clean.  no problems.
no need to spend an extra $number, this one is the best and pops more popcorn...
control the flavor of your popcorn!  kids love to watch it pop! get rid of that nasty microwave popcorn!
i am very pleased with the popcorn popper.  i ca not think of anything i would change about it.
this item works very well.  we are really pleased with the purhcase and use it quite often.
all (and i mean all) of our friends love the popcorn made from this "popper", much more theirmicrowave counterparts.
great for those handful of occasions where you simply need to covert coffee grounds to a lot of coffee.
we have used it as a hot water source for coffee, tea, cider in our bookstore.  it works great.
we needed new coffee pots for church.  this is justwhat we were looking for.  great service and shipping.
delivered in very timely fashion and product as expected. good value.
this product works very well, the coffee is very good and it is easy to clean.
once again, amazon has delivered a great product, at a fair price and in a timely manner.
this is a wonderful product - if you have any doubts - forget them - you lwill love it
this was exactly what i was looking for. heats up quickly and looks beautiful.
exactly what the wife wanted. two tone whistle is a great feature. decorator color is an added plus.
excellent
this teakettle looks so good in a stainless steel kitchen, i am reluctant to even use it.
this pot is great, the size is perfect for soup!  i will order another one for a gift.
this is a wonderful skillet! i love the non-stick coating,works great. easy to clean-up.
have had this set for at least number years or so and it has held up well.
old fashion design, not as easy as the electric juicer, but a lot of fun there.
i enjoy this product very much. it was just what i was looking for.thank you
these bread boxs work very well for my homemade breads.  they keep bread fresh longer.
came on time, and as ordered.  no bad surprises.  great experience.
how much can be said about a gravy separator?  it works as expected.
blade is very sharp and work perfect. with rubber texture does not slide..
exactly what we were looking for. compact and easy to store and a great price here in canada(hbc).
arrived in good shape and on time and works like a charm to peel cloves of garlic.  thanks
works like a charm
if you have not tried one of these you are working too hard peeling garlic.
takes just number seconds for entirely peel garlic, just amazing, i love it ! this is a must have
it works in a jiffy.  dishwasher safe.  i have given as gifts it's so great.
it does just what it is supposed to do. what more is there to say?
the item came quickly, and i did not believe it would work but it really does!  i love it
this is good.now when i need garlic i am happy loli taken numbers of one cube.it's useful.
it works really well. made peeling garlic much easier.. i recommend it ..very easy to use and clean :)
i need number more!!! these are the best for gravy making!!! not like my old foley, but pretty close!!!
good fork.  you won't be disappointed.
my wife loves these colander (bought number for her).  beautiful colander with fine craftmanship.  definitely recommended.
i am very happy with this colander, it's well-made, durable, easy to clean and looks great.
very good product. slides underneath the cheesecakes and unmolds it very easily. has a good grip, and it's sturdy.
sturdy, beautiful, easy to clean, heat up fast, it's exactly what i was looking for.very satisfied with my purchase!
i am very satisfied with this product.it made my jam making this year much easier.
just what i expected when i ordered it.  high quality that will remain durable for many years of canning.
it's an easy and efficient way to make rice and pasta.i find it better than a regular rice cooker.
best microwave cooker for the money. works perfectly evry time and is easy to use.
best kitchen item to make steamed broccoli, corn and artichokes
it's really goodit's really goodprogressive international microwaveable number-cup (cooked) rice/pasta cooker.easy to use and washeasy to use and wash
it works just great i'am going to buy it for christmas presents for next year.
this item has help me on days that require a lot of cutting for veggies.quick and easy to use.
this is hands down the easiest, cleanest, fastest way to make great fries, period. just a great kitchen tool.
this thing is wonderful.  it cuts potatoes into fries in seconds and with my bad hands it is wonderful!
perfect for french fries...cutting up tomatoes, peppers, and onions for salsa...for zucchini and squash. altogether, a great buy!  :)
takes the hard work out of cutting potatoes or carrots makes a perfect cut easy
works wonders for me in the kitchen.
works great. you have to cut potatoes first to fit them in.
this was a gift for my son and daughter-in-law. they love it. ca not wait to get those apple pies.
as a scientist, nothing could be handier.
i use it all the time.  do not know how i got by without it.
functions as expected.  good quality. ergo friendlyvery stiff and skinny handle!  purchased both slatted and solid.dishwasher safe.
or that's what we call it around here, and it's a necessity, along with  amco's other utensils.
i got the skimmer to use in separating the whey from the curd.  does a great job.
cook's illustrated just tested number different splatter screens and this is the only one that got the "recommended" rating!
this splatter screen works as well as cooks illustrated magazine said it would.  it does an excellent job.
this was just what i was looking for, a balanced easy to use inexpensive spatula.
i love farberware. cooks best. great price. i own a full set, and keep buying more.
i could not be more satisfied if my stock pot had cost number times as much.
this pot is the perfect size for pasta.i bought one for my daughter too.good job farberware.
was a gift and they loved it
oldie...but a goodie!!!!
great heavy bottom pot.  you wont be disappointed.
one more piece of farberware for our collection.  great value. was in use first day it arrived.
this is the best for fruits and vegetables! it is the perfect size and blade length for my hand.
i would recommend this knife to anyone who needs a sharp, clean cut, and easy to manipulate instrument.
best kitchen knife i have ever owned.great price, fast shipping.
what a great little knife, good heft and very sharp. excellent price. now i want the chef knife.
great knife at a good price.  every kitchen needs a good and reliable paring knife.
perfect handle. sharp edge. cleans easily. have not cut myself yet. come on guys... it's a henckels. a fine product.
this is a very handy little knife.i use it for paring, slicing, and everything.henckels is the best, no question.
i love these knives....have not used any others for many years.
another great knife how did i ever do without these
great knife, henckles knives are typically of excellent quality with excellent warranty.
i have many of the henckels knives.  this one is, by far, my favorite.
great knife, bought as an addition to our other four star set we have had for over number years.
outta the dog house for a loooooong time since i got this for my woman!!! haha ;)
great quality
this fork completes my "collection" of henckles cutlery. it's wonderful. excellent service.
this knife is a perfect size for most food prep needs.great weight & quality.
awesome - i use this knive number% of the time - holds sharpness extremely well - cuts wonderful
great product - well worth the cost.
excellent value. serrated edge helps left handed users somewhat.
it is an exelent product,i always buy j.a. henckels, make my work easyi love it and my husbad too
the best available at any price. if you want uncompromising quality, these are the knives to buy.
high quality knife as part of the pro-s family.  curved blade makes small tasks especially easy.
it is everything i wanted in a knife! excellent knife, excellent price, excellent deal!  highly recommend!
expensive, but they are good quality knives and i am very happy i bought them.
excellent product.  sharp and beautiful.  highly recommend. well packaged.  sold by metrokitchen.
my daughter is thrilled with the quality and heft of the knives!
these are the best steak knives we have owned:  great feel and effortless cut.  there are no negatives!
great knives.  worth the money.
the cleaver is just the right size for my use. handles and fits the hand well. a good product.
knife is excellent quality, good weight and is a great addition to our chef knife and santoku.
good quality. works well.
my husband loves this!
this product is really great. it was a present for my husband.  he loves it!
excellent purchase, better than the one i had when working in a packing house.
very nice, lightweight, perfect for a female to handle easily.  does the job very well.
works well and it's (relatively) cheap.  what more need i say?  good size for a smaller kitchen too.
i use this to sharpen my kitchen knives, i can tell the difference for sure after using this.
these steak knives look great, perform great and everyone in the household approved of their look, design and functionality.
we love these knives!  they are elegant, contemporary and practical.  perfect for any occasion/place setting.
this thing works great! i have had it for a while now and it keeps all my knives like new!
it is so convenient, so i present it as good gift to my friends.
i love this knife sharpener.  it's easy to use, works like a charm, and it was a great price!
it's small, it's cheap, it sharpens knives simply and effectively.
this works great! never have been able to sharpen knives this well!cheap, too!i will buy more stuff like this!wow!
great shears
these shears have done everything i expected of them.  i would recommend them to anyone.
sturdy, rugged and spacious knife bay at a steal of a price.
bought it for my husband. and he said he loves it and is very handy.
i would highly recommend this product.  it is durable and sleek at an excellent price!!  you ca not lose!!
nice, sleek look with plenty of storage space for lots of knives. cleans easily.  good value for the price.
great looks but a bit small for me coz i have many knives and tools.
if only this all-nickel model had a serrated edge...
sharp
this is the best knife i have ever used.  i use it for everything.
small and sharp for daily use almost for anything to be cut.
great knife!
very happy with knife we ordered.  product received promptly.  just as described.  good price.
great knife.  stays sharp and is comfortable to hold.
i find this knife a excellent all pupose kitchen knife. i use it for everything.
great knife especially at the sale price of $number.number.very sharp + good balance = smooth cutting.
i bought this to cut out the back bone of a turkey.  it worked great.  sharp and precise.
my husband wanted a good quality cleaver for christmas, and he has been very pleased with this quality one.
a good shopping experience.  fast delivery. product as advertised. an excellent product.  number% satisfied with all.
how do you cleave your meat? i cleave my meat by meat cleaving it with a meat cleaver!
after buying a chef's knife last year, my wife asked for a whole set.  we love them.
i use this little knife daily. it's great.
works just like a bread knife should.
this is a really good easy to use bread knife, i really enjoy using it on a regular basis.
works perfectly
love the henckels knives. they cut nicely and like the way the handle fits in my hand.
i really enjoyed these knives, good solid knives with a solid wooden holder. excellent product!
very pleased with this knife set. very attractive and very easy to use for all types of cooking tasks.
the set is a right amount of knives and the blades are very sharp.
my husband wanted the knife for when he cuts french bread and he said he loves it
the tip of my knife broke and i was wondering if you would replace it?
excellent, high quality knives at an exceptional price. cuts finely and with very less effort.
best knife in its classgerman made......i like the handel very easy to clean and very comfortable
the new way to prepare breakfast and recommended for the construction of this article.more quality for money and health.
easy to use and fun.  i had company over for breakfast and the loved they danish pancakes.
bought this to make vietnamese rice cake. works great. wish it came with a lid though.
good one.......enough big with insulating handle.now we can prepare nice cakes with less or no oil.we like it
great way to start the day. the key to flipping is a small spatula. highly recommended!
i  would  sure  buy  a  kind  of  nordic wear agin.  ginny  ross.
it is good for pancakemy children love the markgood good good good good good good goodgood good
i love it, it makes great size pancakes plus the faces turn out great on them.
enjoy seeing a smiley face in the morning.this pan makes breakfast fun.good quality item at a good price.
we make cheese cakes for the two of us.  this is a high quality pan.
it really is leakproof and bakes beautifully. i am going to buy another one right now!
great pan. i had a hard time finding some of these sizes. :)
perfect size when you need something between the standard and individual size pans.
well made, good price and well made, good price.this is simply filler because they make you have enough words.
very good pan and does not leak. i will also buy one for a gift.
perfect for cheesecake distribution to friends
the pan i recieved is exactly what i was looking for and recieved.very fast shipping.
these are awesome for pressure cooker cheesecake. make sure you measure before you purchaseto make sure they will fit
this was a very quick ship and the item is exactly as described and what i needed.  thanks!
owned this for a long time and still in good condition.
this bundt pan is great!  cake comes out nice and easy!  no mess to clean.
this is perfect for my angel food cakes. the pan is sturdy, and cleans so easily. i love it
perfectly turned out cake. no sticking whatsoever. no burned edges. could not be more pleased. a+. highly recommend.
the quality of this cast-aluminum bundt pan is amazing!  it's small size is ideal for a two-person family.
it's give us a very beautifull cake. super easy to tke the cake out of it.i strongly recommend it.
quality!
i have been using this pan for over number years - and it's just like brand new.  love it.
nice for specialty desserts.
awesome bundt pan-handles are a plus, cake is easily removed and bakes beautifully every time! highly recommended!
this is a large bundt pan.  it bakes cakes to a golden brown.  i love it.
toooo much fun!  tip:  you do not have to flour on top of spray.
bundt pan makes a pretty cake.  it bakes evenly andi love to use it.  heavy duty.  nice and high.
love this pan use it all the time.  just like the one my mom has had for years
awesome pans
good and nice  .  .
wifey, loved it. exactly the one she wanted. she's pleased, i am happy she's pleased. cake was the bomb.the end...
after years of cheap bundt pans, i now have the perfect pan.  used it yesterday, and it worked perfectly.
this pan will last forever regardless of how often it is used.
i am very pleased with my bundt cake pan.it bakes delicious and beautiful cakes.number% satisfied.
so very easy to clean and cakes come out very nice. avery good item. cooks evenly and light weight.
he product was affordable, arrived within the time frame we expected and was better thqn we had hoped.
the cake came out with such eas, it was  pleasure making a bundt cake again and it did not stick.
this is durable, cakes bake evenly and do not stick.  built to last. excellent
great cooking appliance.  works very well and it is easy to clean.
this is great.  easy to use.  great instructions.  cooks perfect, moist, tender poultry.
wow, this rotiserie is the greatest.  not just good but great.  set it and forget it.  great.
i love it and use it at least once a week.  does chicken, pork, prime rib perfect.  highly recommend.
the food comes out fantastic. it is simple to use, easy clean up. i recommend this product highly.
i bought six of these for family members.  greatest thing since sliced bread for roasting meats unattended.
great buy! it made our sundays extra fun , not to mention the smell in the kitchen .
i have had one for number years and bought this one as  a gift for a friend. they love it.
this is the best item i have ever purchased. i am thinking of buying another on as a backup!excellent!
it works great for me, good temp control and non-stick surface.
makes beautifull waffles every day for my family and every waffle has been perfect.
nice replacement for aging devise. does what it said it would do.  makes great waffles.
just like norway! husband is from norway and these waffles come out just like home.
makes perfect waffles everytime.  love the look and the taste of the waffles.
purchased a villaware pizzelle iron and it is beautiful.  price was right and i love it.
a great pizelle maker with two wonderful designs.  you ca not go wrong with this item.
from order to shipment to first use. merchandise exactly as requested.
the pizelle's just lifted off the machine without any effort and were not burned.
love it. easy to use. puts out great tasting product and practically noclean up!
i love my new cookies's maker. it so easy to use and fast to get good cookies for dessert.
me liky very muchtoo much caffine
it has not stood the test of time but we are pleased that the pan performs as promised.
as stated.
great little broiler set for my toaster oven:  quick clean-up and no waste of energy
nice weight.nice appearnacevery useful and seemless transition from handle to cup to level off measuring ingredients.great buy.
i purchased because they were recommended by cooks illustrated.  would purchase again.  excellent quality.
the quality and weight of this stainless steel set is superb.  well worth of cost!
this is a great buy, compared to a $number or more a retail store.
exactly as described.very heavy duty.lots of parts to make any installation work.excellent value.fits various monitors and tvs.
my friend loves her nook.i purchased it as a gift to my friend,already own one.
perfect, as described thank you
it's not top of the line by any means, but certainly a good value for the price.
worked great for what  i needed it for, and was small too
it is good and as expected. i love to have it with me for my international travel.i love it.
digital works or it does not (despite monster cable's hooey). this works and the price is right.
very good, working just as i wanted, plugged to my tnumberi, this is just what i was looking for.
has a little hum, but the highs are crystal clear. sounds as good as cd.
just as described.
this is a great set of headphones cheap only in price.fidelity is fine.design and light weight are impressive.
surprisingly long battery life. after doing the research, this sony was the one to buy, and it did not disappoint.
great reception, easy to use and good sound for a one speaker radio.
a very good product.
work well for signing things
i got this for a friend to use on his dial up modem, and it works flawlessley.great buy.
you did a great job sending this printer cable to me! i got it really fast too! thank you!
bought it on sale.  cheapest i found, no problems.
excellent cable.  very reliable.  now if only my operating system is the same way....
clean connections and flexible cable. no reason topay numberx or more for any other cable that does justthe same.
what can i say about belikin?  belkin makes great products which makes me satisfied with this cable!
it might be a little short but seems to be a fine cord (do not know what else to say)
considering all the over-priced products on themarket,this cable does the job perfectly and theprice is great.  thanks amazon.
absolute dependability, no matter the device they connect.
the item arrived in a timely matter and works great!
a good quality cable at a reasonable price.  works as advertised.
good cable, no drawbacks, works fine, clamps on firmly, not much to add here
this is the best deal you are going to find for these extention cables, great quality.
a number meter usb extension cable for this price from a reputed maker is a surprise. works well.
the cord worked great. i needed a longer cable for my logitec mouse. the cord fit on there prefectly.
perfect if you have an older type keyboard plug and need to use a ps-number type keyboard with it.
it is a good cord.  simply packaged.  nicely priced.there is not much more to say about a simple cord.
it is an ethernet cable. what is there to be said? it is cheap, and it works fine.
not much to say- works as needed; cheap.will buy again if need. recommend.
i just needed it to work (connecting psnumber and router), and it does, number stars.
i am using the cable to connect a router to a desktop. it works fine
good enough price, nice ends, good sheathing.
good cable. it is nothing special, but does everything i need it to.
works great
it does what it's supposed to do...and well
great cable.no problems or issues.does what it needs to do.not expensive.i have bought many belkin products with no complaints.
it came on time and the cable works.
good network cable. it looks reliable and made of good quality plastic.i wish i got a longer one though.
what can you say? it works perfectly and is of high qulity.
and it's screw handles are ribbed and very easy to grasp.nicely constructed.
to me, kensington is a name that project 'trust'.  this was priced right and works great.  good cord length.
best buy.  excellent quality.  thinest case around.
product shipped fast and looks exactly as it did in the photo. would definitely purchase from this seller again.
very nice. my palm vx fits in it & is protected. it is also shiny
perfect
fast delivery and great product
binoculars are very powerful...the focus is simple and accurate.  very pleased with the binocs and the price was terrific.
good product for the price i buyed for a gift , the owner says to love it.
the modem installed and was configured in about number minutes from start to finish. tiger.direct is a good supplier.
neat little s/w radio. made a great gift. great price,fast delivery.
the best looking radio in the world, you will love it no matter what. handsome little machine.
good enough price, nice ends, good sheathing, not too stiff.
good qualtiy with well-designed connectors.  extremely useful for short-disstance connections between router and other equipment.purchased three cables.  very satisfied!
works as good as any cable you can buy in your local store, just at a much cheaper price.
came on time and the cable works just fine.
well constructed cable, it is very flexible making it easy to run where you want it.
very fast service. exactly what i ordered..i am never disappointed with belkin products.will use technology galaxy again.thank you..
this product works flawlessly and provides a great signal for my extended network system. i highly recommend this cable.
used this to hook up wired router for numbernd computer.  it is a quality product.
priced right and worked flawlessly, i recommend this item for home networking and will use again in the future.
excellent speaker system for the price. extraordinary sound, and great bass. fully recomended to anyone shopping for computer speakers.
these speakers are great, great sound from a cheap sound card, full sound and power.
work great
love this and the silver refills  i see alot of reorders in the future!!!
i use this number/number" tape on all types of surfaces, it sticks well and is easy to read.
great product.  very good text.  backing is very easy to remove and stick labels on to stuff.
this tape is great!  very crisp text and very easy to peel off backing and past on to "things"
this severs its purpose... if you are like me then these things are just for you
works great on my label maker.
nice unit, has weather band too.  good range for small unit.  use on bikes to chat to other riders.
all the stores around here were selling pathetic combo locks i had to return.  this works great.
kensington is the best, price is good, the lock is easy and works smoothly.  another great product from kensington!
sound quality is excellent for the price and it is very easy to use; i highly recommend this player.
it works clean and prefect. what else can be said but get it.
i bought these for my husband since he has sensitive ears.  he loves them!
so far so good!  perfect volume control!  i highly recommend it!
works great for metal detectors that do not have volume control
works great and i am glad i got this with the purchase of my new audio-technica ath ancnumber headphones.
outstanding bass while keeping everything else clean, at an incredible low price; and confortable !
they work well and seem very strong. more than enough length on the cord and extremely great sound.
who woulda guessed that the best sounding headphones under $number would be a portable version?
excellent sound quality. fits well over the head or from behind. lifetime warranty also.
a+++++++
makes my camera not obsolete.  i had a hard time locating this memory cardfor my old, old, old camera.
these provide excellent sound, comfort and they are fairly durable. a very good sound experience for the price.
these ear phones are very comfortable and the sound quality is really good too.
unbelievable headphones.although they may hurt on your head after number-number minutes, the sound quality makes them worth it .
good value for the money. very nice sound quality and comfortable to wear for long periods.
the quality of sound from these phones is fantastic. easily set-up, wonderful sound.thanks.
it is exactly as described. it works good & have not had any troubles with it.
exactly what it says it is...it works!
i like mine it gives me just a little extra cord for my key board.
inexpensive compared to cables at best buy.does exactly what it is supposed to do!
seems to be a high quality cable. i am very satisfied.
the belkin cables are well made.  i have found them consistently solid in all that i have purchased from them.
always in need for a usb extension for some reason.  this cable works as described.
what else can i say? it works and its worth the money. i trust belkin, they make great products
i have been using this switch non-stop ever since i bought it years ago and it has been fully functional.
i have absolutely no complains for this hd. excellent performance and for a good price.number% recommended!!
this converter has everything you need while traveling abroad. good fit, good function, good price. a real necessity!
great price use a lot of them
switch works without any issues.--- -- --- --- --- ---- --- --- --- ---- ----- ----- ---- --- ---
simple and effective.
ok
this has been a great switch. got a good deal on this one when the newer model came out.
it is what it is what can i say they work. the only brand that will workin the label-er.
small, nice, worked the first time, unplugged the hub, in with the switch number/number full duplex and it works
the employee it was ordered for has been using it for awhile.  seems to be working great.
the card arrived securely packed.  easy to follow instructions, and it works great!
if you want a quality network lan computer card by an excellent company, this is it.
no problems, worked under number, nt, numberk and linux (tulip).
for those who have zip discs with old info this is good from which to copy.
this is a nice case for the money with loads of capacity.
this product is highly recommended - i have bought several for multiple appliances.
works just like it is supposed to, no problems & it does exactly what i purchased it for.
just bought a new sony hdtv and these surge protectors make everything including the tv safe.
did exactly what i needed. split the cable from my wall to the tv and cable modem.
not much to review... if numbermb is all you need then this is the card for you.
this card does all of what the makers say, exactly, every time.  this product is flawless and high quality.
installed number mb card into my ipaq for immediate memory increase.  works like a champ!
i bought this with my canon anumber and have not looked back. works just fine for digital photography.
number year and still working! - more than i can say for some other brands.
nothing else is important!
plenty of space and never had any problems.
you ca not ask for anything more than it remain completely reliable and uneventful.
great bargain!!  easy to use and install.  no problems.  great product! my jornada thanked me!
this is a great tapes. i bought another package because of the quality.
nothing special here, but it appears that amazon does not sell vhs themselves. right price point.
nothing bad to say about it since it works just as what it's suppose to.
what else could you ask for... throw it into a system, and bammo... extra space.
great item. easy to use, well designed.  well worth the price
i was very pleased with this product. it worked beautifully.unfortunately it could not be used with newer pda's.
you get what it was described above: pocket-sized binoculars; great quality; excellent price!recommended!!
small and compact for our trip to costa rica. really enjoyed bird watching with these.
this binocular is small pocket size but sturdy with bright clear view, great quality. highly recommend.
great product - and at this price - truly an amazing buy!  you ca not go wrong here.
superb binocular, i really like it!
this is a great product - number minutes to set up and it works perfectly. a real winner.
bought this as a known good solution to setup a home office network (dsl connection).
easy to use and does what is says it does. web interface is handy too.
it's getting hard to find film in stores, and this film gives great definition and color.
now i dont have to worry about scratches. a packet should last a year or two.
the price sure was right and it looks heavy duty we will see how it holds up!!
great headphones.  nicely balanced (sonically).
this is a great little radio. reception and sound is fantastic. great for carrying around.
cute and sensitive,, sounds much bigger, nicely made
awesome sound.  great bass.  as good as pricier headphones.light and comfortable.
i have been using these headphones for about a month and they have performed well so far.
fits comfortably and blasts well. the bass sounds like street dance somewhere in the caribbean.....heavyyy!!!. value for your money!!!
i like these headphones, the sound is excellent and they fit me. thank you for this product.
the subject says it all. headphones are light, nice and fit well on my head. i have no complaints.
these headphones gave me great sound, great fit, great price.  what more can i say?
great batteries, they work pretty well. quick shipping and great price for two batteries.i will buy more of those batteries.
have used it for number-months now.fine product!  good software (basic but reliable)good price.
this was my first telephoto lens and i got some great pictures with it.  a good starter lens.
super lens at a super price.... great addition to my camera bag. turns wildlife photos into closeups.
very quick delivery and it was better by far than the one i had and broke.
great price on a great item.  fast shipping and entirely pleased with the whole experience!
great product!it's not too expensive comparing with another options and my pictures results are very good to me. ok.
great lens. a must-have for every photographer.
awesome!  setup is quick. works great with my ipaq number !!!
purchase was for a major brand product and much less than retail. i would buy here again!
it's a replacement tape cartridge for a label printer. not much else to say.
great film at a great price.digital is fast,but picture quality is better on film.(my opinion)
fun film. great colors and really like the asanumber speed.
just as described, great disposable cameras for our trucking fleet.
works with my pentax *ist ds. and you can attach it to the camera's shoulder strap.
does what it says it will do and does it well.
this is the second trackball i have purchased like this, and i would highly recommend it to anyone.
i use it with my laptop and put the trackball on the arm of the chair.  works great.
well it works perfectly.  what more does a person need to know?
garmin bicycle mount works well. easy to attach to gps. easy to put on/remove from bicycle mount.
this mount fits easily on my mountain bike and hold the gps safely without fear of it falling off.
worked well with the garmin etrex h handheld gps navigator.
very good unit for the money. clear speaker and all the amenities of more expensive units
try using usb overdrive instead of the supplied software.once you use a wheel, you ca not go back.
ordered two sets.  simple to install and looks very neat.  i will use this again.
great product for running cables and making it look better. product is supposed to be paintable if need be.
canon eye cup: ca not do w/out it; gotta get a new one when you lose it :-)
what can i say - this is a direct replacement for the original!
i keep loosing this when i go hiking.  i wish it would lock on better.
got this for my canon numberd mark ii and canon numberd fits perfectly. thanks!recommended oem genuine :d :d :d
this is an excellent item if you want to position your external flash off of the camera.
this is the bag i have been looking for, well, until a better one comes along...
canon once again delivers an excellent product. plenty of storage space durable and very user friendly. thanks canon!
perfect size
purchased for my canon camera with number lenses. great for carrying just the camera and extra lense.
great bag!
it works perfect.
it's ok.over pricey, very heavy, blocks your view,i wish if they make it wireless instead.but it's a genuine canon.
a must have for rebel xsi, if you want to include yourself in the picture.
you can attach this thing to the strap of your camera. it's very small and works great!
good price, good service, works well with the new camera and fills the bill for my needs.
works great!  if you need to take group shots you dont have to wait and work instantly.
looking for a remote so you do not shake that camera? this is the one to buy.
works fine with my rebel xti (numberd). easy to use, cord can be extended with a universal cable.
this is a very useful item in conjunction with tripod for night shots!came quickly as was just as advertised.
use it when zoomed to number mm for wildlife photos
this is an absolutly perfect remote.  it's simple, lightwieght, and has a long cord. it also wraps up neatly.
great product to use when using a tripod shooting merchandise in a portable photo studio
used it with my canon gnumber - worked like a charm. great for reducing vibration with a tripod!
it is great!!! i think wireless would be better .. but this does the job!!
product works exactly as advertised - number% reliable - actually more consistent than the cordless model.  highly recommended!
great product from canon ..a must have for serious photographers.  pricey but as advertised.
a little pricey, it works as advertized. a must have if you are using a telephoto lens.
i bought this for my wife and she loves it.
nice blue faceplate. cool to the eyes. easy to install. i suggest people get this pacific blue color. affordable.
if you like the picture, you will like this faceplate.  simple as that!
you are looking at a standard numberpack of wire ties... they do exactly what they are intended to do.
there zip ties what do you want me to say???  they work good and get the job done.
excellent ties.  work well for holding cables together and do not come loose
nice, strong, sturdy, black cable ties that hold things securely. lightning fast shipment.  highly recommended.
these are zip ties.different sizes.they work.light in weight.i use them to attach items to my backpack while hiking/camping.nuff said.
pretty good bag!
love this lens!  it's very sharp and easy to focus for macro or portrait photography.
the title says is all i am too busy taking great pictures to elaborate.
this is a well made, well designed cable.  it looks like it will hold up well.
very impressed with the sound.  i have it on my number.number system running proficient audio speakers.
have had no issues with this unit.  great price.  easy to setup.
i use these all the time.  they arrived very quickly.
much better than what i could find in a store, i saved a few bucks which always helps
simply the best palm os based pda on the market.  nuff said.
for the money, these headphones are excellent. sound great, do not look goofy and seem well made enough.
i really liked these and the value/price ratio is exceptional.
good case for carrying and travelinglight weight. solid build last a long timegood sound quality for its money.
this set was just what i needed and they performwhat more can you say about a cord that works!!
it works as promised and is in use with a second wireless router...thanks for a great product
this is a quality audio cable. very flexible and has good gold flashed connectors.ca not go wrong on these cables.
good productgood colorgood materialsthe item is not like as the photosgood qualityit's  good, i recommend it
great price and it doesnt feel cheap.does what its supposed to, a must have for anyone working with computers
pros: love it. it allows to attach and reattach the anti static cablecons: none that i can think of
works as intended. did not kill my parts
belkin anti-static wrist band with adjustable groundinghave used in classescist number-hardware install&maintenance; & cist number-microcomputer troubleshooting with success.
great cable.  has two ends and approx number feet of cable between the ends.
this cable met all my expectations. it is well built and long enough to do  the job.
it work what more can i say  (have a bless  day)
can't beat the price excellent quality
what else is there to really say about a usb cable? it's well-insulated and works well.
the number foot lenght if just perfect for me and it lays flat under a carpet
i received the product in good condition, in original package and in a timely manner
ok you can spend $number for these at the retail stores. this cables work just fine.
its a cable. it works. it's cheap. perfect!
this usb cable works like a charm.  no problems, does what it should do.
what can i say?  the usb cable transfers data from one device to another device.
nothing!  it works flawlessly plus it was super cheap.
it's exactly as advertised except for a lower price.m. calcagno
not much to say about it, it was long and cheap.
i found that it was a steal to buy this cable at such a low price.  excellent product.
received a belkin cord in belkin packaging.  works fine.  ca not ask for much more.
a usb cable.  it works.
i am using these cables to link multiple pcs to the same printer.  they work perfectly!
well, another fine belkin product - it works. what else is there to say?
good price on cable with a convenient number foot length. works as it's supposed to.
exactly what i needed
i did not find any problem from thiswork fine, good. not expensive.i bought this for connecting pc to printer.
arrived quickly and works well for what it is....a doggone long printer cable!! i would recommend it.
it's a cable is works and it was half the price than at local stores.
not much to review here, it's just a usb cable.  but it seems well constructed and works fine.
excellent cable for computer and printer.
i am using this cable for my brand new brother laser printer and it works great.
go to staples and pay $number for this, or order it online for $number shipped.
it is a very good product. works great with my new all in one printer. shipping was decent enough.
what more can i say, it's a usb cable that works like it's supposed to.
it's a usb cable. it works. what else can i say?it's.....durable? it usbs efficiently? uh.... blaa bla bla.. bal
excellent purchase.  efficient delivery, here before i knew it.  not one complaint from this consumer.
has a nice smooth feel to it, good solid connectors that wo not break quickly. belkin makes great cables.
this cable works great, looks great, and performs great! excellent speeds on my wired network and lengthy at that.
bought these for a college network. work great. highly recommend.much better price than best buy.
great all around tool kit. we bought number+ of these for all our helpdesk technicians and field techs.
the price seemed high, but the film is dated ok and i am sure is alright.
heavy duty shielded cable from belkin.  looks solid, works well, no issues.
works fine for panasonic dv-r and canon zrnumber camcorder, and ca not beat the price!
the cables work great and are well made.  not much to say, they are cables...
bought this for my dell enumber laptop.  connected to my sony camcorder and downloaded with no problems.
its a cable.  it works.  not much more to say.  build quality seems to be good.
this cable works without any problems.  i am finally going to put those mini-dv home movies on dvd.
works as expected, i am using this to connect my blue ray player to internet.
great price. super long (that's what she said).it does it's job @ a great price. :)
the tools feel solid, accessories all work.  nice case to hold everything.  good value for the money.
works great.  with a key vs a combination, you know who has access...
it works great and a great buy at the price!
this is my first cpl, it's amazing, sky becomes more blue, glass becomes more transparent.it's good enough for me.
love it
great for waterfall pictures. makes it easier to take waterfall pictures during the day.
received shortly after i ordered. works fine. good value.
use this for all landscape photography for crispy clear photos.the clarity is very good and recommend this good product.
tiffen filters are good glass,it is the brand used in hollywood,this is good enough for me
exactly as described - great quality - perfect for the job and really easy to useexactly what i wanted
i like tiffen more than my hoya. but i think the ring is a little thicker.
exactly what it should be.good: everythingbad:  no complaints.these are filler words so i can submit the review.
just as ordered and does a nice job on the camera
this filter works great for slowing down waterfalls, and swift moving streams. still keeps all the great colors too.
i use the neutral density filter to take waterfall pictures with my canon tnumberi. works great.
this is a tiffen product at a greatly reduced price.  there us no need to say more.
tiffen is the best.  combine the numbera with the numbera at the same time to photograph fluorescent minerals.
for really close detailed shots of plants, flowers, equipment, jewellery, this set of lenses is incredible!
great filter, well built for the price. no aberration i can see so far. no vignetting at numbermm.
works nicely
works very well with our lumix as a protective filter. it makes us more comfortable when using the camera.
i used this on my panasonic camcorder. i do not notice any negative effects. seems just fine.
i got few of them for every lens what i have. you know that how important is protection.
purchased this item along with sony sal number-number lens, it fits perfectly. and it was delivered on schedule.
for me this is as good as it needs to be, i cannot find fault.
perfect fit, and does exactly what it is designed to do. it fit my lens that i had perfectly..
utilitarian uv filter for basic lens protection.  what can you say about something like this?
great build quality and comes with a solid case.does the job its supposed to do and has good optics.
i only use tiffen filters and have never had a problem with quality of fit.
great price for this item.  works well with my wife's canon digital eos camera.
a must have, good quality.
fits lens great, protects it, just what you need. i bought it for my canon numbermm-numbermm lens
it's cheap and it keeps your lens from getting scratched. there is not much more to say.
high quality at an affordable price. inexpensive protection for a high price lens. no noticeable image degradation.
serves it purpose for a bargain price
great!!! works fine on my camera.
nice accessory for protecting my nikon's lens and at less than $number it was a bargin
this filter has been sent quick and without delay. i will return to amazon again next time.
buy the sunpak brand filters. tiffen filters will not fully tighten down on my canon xsi.
good protection for my lens without sacrificing imagine quality and sharp nesshas protected me from damages many times already
this filter filters...lol i use it only for lens protection
does what its suppose to keeps the lens safe and dirt/ dust free. thats all i ask for.
fits my tamron number-number (anumber) and my tamron number-number plz lenses.cost effective way to help protect your lens investment.
received in decent time and in good shape. now on my new camera and working as it should.
made in the usa!
ordered a tiffen numbermm uv protection filter.  received in timely manner.  no hassle.
i received this item and i am very happy with it
great value
fits and works well on my kit lens: number-numbermm. great buy and a must have!
good value for the money.
fits like a glove
nice quality, good buy.
used this to protect lens from damage,holding up well so far
i got this filter at a reduced price when i bought a lens. excellent product. better than excellent price!
good product, protect the len of my new camera, used right away after recieved from ups. cheap.........
producto esencial para la proteccion de los objetivos, de calidad optica comprobada, excelente calidad made in usa.
perfect
use on lumix numbermm lens. great for outdoor. not great for indoor.good quality with no rough edges or threads.
this product does the job of protecting an expensive camera lense.  what else can be said?
i bought this just to protect the lens on my camera.  it has worked great and is super cheap.
the product was received in a timely manner and was as advertised. i am satisfied.
you will find that this lens will enhance the sharpness of your photos and reduce glare.
tiffen is a great company for getting a camera lens, will buy this brand again.
it's a filter. it does what it should.
always top quality and made in usa ..what more could you ask for?tiffen is a brand worth looking for.
a great protector for the camera lens. use this filter for all of my lenses.
do you want to replace your lens or just a filter.  a must have.
needed another article and this item added enough to make the shipping free. well packaged and defect free.
i only buy tiffen
great kit filter for the price. pity that are not more filters tiffen with so good prices.
excellent performance, at a reasonable price.  highly recomend this product.
good bundle for starters but not sure if it will fit pros
where else can you get three filters essentially for the price of one.  have tried them all, work great.
i like the compact design. good jewel cases... what more can i say?
these worked fine as advertised. clear plastic, thin, protects cd's dvd's just fine while taking up less space.
great for dvd's and playing music.  i never had a problem the entire time i owned it!
the product is as it describes. and it's much cheaper than any other merchandises. great deal.
what more can be said. they work fine, no problem, were shipped right away. i would buy this item again!
price was very good with speedy delivery. would cost about number times as much at a rs store
the cost was just right and it is doing the job it is suppose to do.would recommend
great value!a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r
great item
hard to imagine what could go wrong with a modular connector such as this.  and nothing did.
this bracket is a great combination with the hot shoe for my evolt enumber.
good tool!
a high quality cable at a great price.i bought these for use with some of my roland gear.works perfect.
great price and work great.
not much to say about a power cord.it's long and it gets power to my projector on the ceiling.
i am using this extended power cord every day and i am happy with it.
i needed a longer cable to plug in a piece of equipment.this was exactly what i needed.works great!
simple power cord
as expected
your typical gender changer. good construction quality. pegs are also removable.
it charges quickly, lets you know when it's done, what more do you want?
these are the best batteries you can get for your digital camera that uses aa batteries.
it's a very nice recharger. numberv and number v ready.
strongly recommended.  great battery life and the charger works with other ni-mh rechargeables.  worth the price.
what to say?  its a cable.  its cheap.  it works.  nice...
this was one of a few items to receive and it arrived before any of them.
great! it is and does exactly what is says!
yes sir it's a surge protector that works soooooo
tripp lite isobar surge protectors are the standard to go by. you ca not go wrong with these units.
this product is first-rate.  i have owned number of these for years.  works perfectly.  recently bought more.  wise investment.
purchased this for a friend.  he was very pleased with the product.  it arrived promptly, and well packaged.
highly recomended if you have a small atx mini tower
cheap, quiet, reliable... need i say more?
great product. works well between digital dvd recorder and my daughter's laptop. thanks!
great firewire card, it is just what i needed to input video from my camcorder.
got this to use on my recent holiday to another state. works perfect for my olympus camera.
using for a home theater setup. works well. excellent value compared with other products with similiar features.
received just what i ordered in a timely manner.  will purchase from vendor again.
this battery is just as good as the one that came with the camera. no problems.
i bought it and im super happy with it! thanks for providing such a good lens guys!ma@marcvsstmarcvs on instagram!
awesome lens for the price and i get excellent pictures with it.  i am glad that i bought it.
i am suprised it is still not big or heavy for quality it representsdefinitely number stars
i use it for everything from portraits, weddings and everyday shootings.... fantastic results and good bokeh.
this one of the best telephoto lenses for the price.
very nice lens: light weight, excellent quality, close to the f/number.number but better price = excellent value
i owned this modem for over number months, it works very well.  the setup was very simple.
highly recommend this product!pros:*installs in minutes.*excellent documentation.*very good range.*absolutely no problems with this product.cons:none
i have owned more than number different trackballs and this one is the best by far.nuff said.
this steamer, like all faberware products i own, is high quality. it steams my vegetables perfectly. highly recommended.
works great. good build quality.
ordered for the telecom crew to use.  seems to be working great.
best on the market, just as good as leo laporte says it is.
i use it for dragon naturallyspeaking voice dictation software. it works well and is very comfortable.
grab one while they are around. buttery-smooth bokeh, decent performance even wide open, good image rendering.
adequate, but i wanted idnumber tag support, so i returned it and got the expnumber.
no problems. it's kind of like a coffee mug, it just works...
excellent work, compact format, the more mb you buy, the better.
still an excellent product. reconditioned product as good as new. sellar has been very responsive to information requests.
this is an excellent product. works great. highly recommended.
i needed it, i bought it, it worked well,..  i have moved up in wireless speed.  you should too
as described, what i needed
works good!
enough space to stock dvd's or cd's save a lot's of room, in your dvd colection.
i have beat this case up for years without any issues
it is a very good item. it does the job and the price is reasonable. highly recommended
i have bought number of these so far over the past year.  they work great.  very sturdy.
not bad pretty good little case!!
perfect for storing dvds and i feel it will adequately protect them for several years.
good case, nice feel to it.  holds a lot for not much money.  no problems here.
it is for christmas present but someone loves this one.  excellent price but got it free from pepsi stuff.
what more can i say other than it works very well and at a great price
great support from linksys makes this a number star product.
just got my palm and i love it! it's so easy to use and it is keeping me organized!
most of what i would say has already been posted.  this is a great dvd player.
compact cam and extremely easy to use - plug and play - i love it
powers my gps map numbercsx. not much to say. does the job. i would buy again.
this adapter works very well.  it is well contructed and saves the gps batteries.
use this cord with my numbercsx to power it in the car.  works perfect.  keyed to ensure proper insertion.
received on time and in new condition.  got what i wanted and it works as expected.
what more can i say?  sound great - great price!
great speakers...nice sound has good base...easy to hook up..very compact...
bought because our kitchen tv built in sound was anemic.  this improved it immensely!
these pump out great sound and are a value for speakers under $[money]
genuine products.
it does what its expected to do!
you put it in the slot and it stores data. much like any other smartmedia card. good price too!
great pictures. nice depth of field.make wonderful pictures. it's a must to have lens for any portraits.nice product
love it love it, i used it tonite to shot the fireworks and it great!! glad i got it!!
works.
great product for my work and i wish they would make a red on silver tape!
wonderful lens, fast focusing, high contrast, great saturation, light and solid. you get what you pay for.
it's awesomely sharp on my dnumber, even at fairly wide apertures, no color fringing, minimal distortion.
lightweight lens at a reasonable cost...quite sharp, a bit of distortion though.overall not bad.
even though i have other expensive lens, i still put it on my bag
great glass, perfect mate for my dnumber.  i have only gotten tack sharp photos with this amazing combo.
this has become my &#number;everyday&#number; lens, and i love i
its part of my photography gear and can tell that is perfect for portraits and low light
i use this mostly with close up filters for bug and flower pictures and it works great.  highly recommend.
fast lense at a decent price. ca not go wrong with this one.
great buy !
this is a great lens, very sharp, fast autofocus, image quality is very good, i really recommend it!
great portrait lens, durable. everything you would expect from nikon.v. thomas
this lens has no match for its price. this is a great lens for indoor and portraits.
this is a must if you like taking portraits!  love my new lens!
very fast focusing with great image detail.works excellent in very low light conditions and perfect for portraits and sports.
the image that amazon is showing is not the nikon number-numbermm.
good price.works.no any problem so far.i gave number star to it.i recommend it to anyone who needs this.
cute little number. stylish, like all of canon's products. easy to use.
i love it and you ca not beat the price.  works great on canon snumber.
this was easy to set up
superfluous to requirements. did not use it.
really enjoy this product use it with my professional dragon all the time. works well!the price was amazing.
i use it with skype and ms messenger and it is clear and reliable. worth the price.
works great with rosetta stone!
i bought this to upgrade an old gagteway number.numberghz machine.  it worked great with no problems.
if you want bass get bigger speakers. they are not loud but if you want loud get amplifiyed speakers.
works great and eliminates most of the mounting problems and space of the large cbs
you will not believe the sound that comes out of these small things.  amazing.
flawless!
great little headset. goes everywhere with me! it is very light, you hardly feel it, and very comfortable.
the best headphones i have ever used. now i am spoiled and will never use anything else!!
this is a great product.  took longer to unpack than it did to set up.  a++++++++.
works as expected...the fact that it balances the ohms between several sets of speakers is good.
low price, does the job just fine.  no need to pay more for more expensive alternatives.
it's a memory stick.  what's to write?  it works.
this is a great mouse. it is very ergonomic and comfortable to use for extended periods of time.
i dislike the standard mouse and i really enjoy using this trackman wheel optical mouse. it works great..
works great, although i use it for my laptop so if could have been smaller and wireless.....
this is much faster, more efficient, and way cooler than a mouse.
this is an excellent mouse for cluttered desks and tight spots, excellent controls and responsive ball.
i have three for my home network. i love trackman wheels.great for gaming and non-gaming.
still using
run right out of box after installing driver, beat the linksyssimilar model which crashed/hangup my system!
works great, good quality from belkin as usual. hard to beat for the money.
works fine with my cannon digital video camera
got this to connect my video recorder to my computer to burn the videos.  great quality!
as advertised and much cheaper in price than anyone else. almost too good to be true. no regrets.
great price,top quality and shipped right away. i recommend this product to anyone needing a firewire cable.
thanks for having this item in stock and your prompt delivery.
just a regular firewire cable. six feet seems to be too short for my needs though. :)
bought to transfer videos from my camcorder to my computer and it works well....just like it said it would!
this cable works perfect with my panasonic pv-gsnumber. waaaay cheaper than in the store ... identical product.
awesome lens
it is a lens cap for the rear of nikon lenses.  i wanted a spare.  it function nicely.
the owner cal me twice , the item receive and in good shapeiwill buy from them for certain...........excellent compagny
nikon branded frontl ens cap
i needed a lens cap to replace a lost one and did not want anything but nikon.
good price and same performance.
got it for my mom, she show it off to all her friends.  great quality and design.
well built, astheticaly pleasing, perfect size. worth every penny. have three at home and just bought my in-law two.
looks great, durable and reliable.
the sound is great. full and dynamic, superior bass response. ca not beat these for the price. bnb beatles depot
great sound for the price and the cord protector is nice to prevent it from tugging against the headset.
more convient than mounted cb.  the recharge it will do with batteries is very convient.
this is a duplicate of one we already have on our motorcycle and will be placed in our car.
not much more to say than it worked and i verified that it was truely level.
this product works as designed. adorama shipping was as stated when i purchased it. all is ok.
see my review under "linksys befwnumber wireless-b cable/dsl router".this card works well with this router.
works beautifully on xp. very easy to install. highly recommended if you need to upgrade a pre-usb number.number pc!
it works, it was cheap, and it seems nicely made.  not much else to say.
no question about it perfect fit.
after dumping my chinese import this little devise works nice in my car.
it does what it's supposed to and sounds very good.  i would buy this product again.
keep the cord out of harms way and is has extremely good quality. i love this adapter.
this is the most quite casset tape head that i have seen.i have two others.
these are awesome.  they are big.  good size for a ceiling.  sound great too.  easy install.
not much to say...it's a splitter and it works well.not much to say...it's a splitter and it works well.
i needed splitters and it works fine it was reasonable in price, i would buy it again
bought and plugged this in in aug. number and it still works like a charm.
i plugged it in. it worked. for this type of product, you ca not beat that.
this product was easy to figure out, and does what it's supposed to.
nice cable, works as it should, comes in a minimalist package which is good for us environmentally-friendly people...
perfect
works great, but really tough to cut.
what else can i really say looks like the pics its number-gauge speaker wire just what i needed
not much to say other than i have had no issues with this wire.  no new is good news.
mid range speakerwire  clear plastic  works well for my needs perfect for begining system buildersand  theater maker people to
exactly what i needed at an unbelievably low price.  promptly shipped and received in a timely fashion.
good wire.  flexible and hot wire easily distinguishable close up but not stark at a distance.
great value, exceed my expectations&#number;
good wire sound is awesome
good wire!
good quality and price. recommended.
as described. it's wire. good quality.
it's wire.  it works great and i am completely satisfied.
quality wire, great for my surround's...
it's decent wire. you could choke someone with it even.
great wire... much less expensive than monster and other &#number;premium&#number; brands
this targus netbook case is perfect for my acer aspire one netbook. great deal and holds everything i need.
very elegant and sturdy stands that nicely hide the cables.  very pleased with these, would recommend.
i love it, number/number the price of other stores, fast shippping, great price.i will keep coming back here!!!
love them  arrived quickly and as described also being original bose items they are a perfect fit thanks again
excellent sound, love the inline volume control, works as advertised. best $ i ever spent!
no need to write any review - simply superb. just buy it.
needed something for a canon sxnumber and it fit the bill perfectly.  easy to use and priced well.
i am always lossing my lens caps. so this is just perfect
the mouse works great. i already knew it would, because i have been using one for years.
this modem was easy to set up and works great with my home computer system.
the linksys is flawless and preforms very well improving my throughout
the mouse works great.  like the buttons that let you go back or forward.
we are happy with this optical mouse. a little expensive, but works good. no complaints at all.
this is a solid mouse. i have used it for years. this is the second one i have bought.
the mouse was exactly what i wanted. delivered promptly and in great condition.
this mouse is great!!, easy to install and you do not have to worry about anythingelse.
been looking for this memory for ages.got it for my old coolpix camera.works perfectly, no complaints.
works exactly as advertised....great way to keep a clean connection during speaker installation.
i have never been disappointed with monster cable brand electronics.  now if they could only lower those high prices.
received the carrying case quickly and it holds everything for the garmin street finder.  great product.
this case worked very well in protecting my garmin through the airport and down to my destination.
this product number-number-number will not!!! fit the garmin streetpilot number or numberother than that it is a great case
i really enjoy using this lens on a regular basis to capture the squirrels in my back yard.
works as well as the more expensive name brands. durable and dependable.  getting great pics!
very useful, good purchase.
at almost number/number mile from my house i shot a ski trail and the mogules are visible.
we use this device to connect our tivo to our home network.decent price. installation was a snap. works well.
it works. i can take the full speed of my internet connection without an ethernet socket but a usb
i have windows xp. i installed it and began using it right away.  no problems..nuf said.
i love these speakers and could not be happier with performance
love this
the product arrived in a timely manner and in fine shape. i will remember this vendor for next time.
bought this a while ago, hard to find then for an older computer, but it worked without any issues.
works! what more is it supposed to do! :)
few scratches, works perfectly...just like my old one
the vcr tapes arrived promptly, and were perfect.  brand new, and a reasonable price.
i actually bought this for a friend of my mine. he says 'sony never disappoints'.
not much i can say about the cleaning tape but it cleaned the video heads.it works and its affordable.
i use sony tapes in my jvc camcorder. this tape worked great. my camcorder runs like new.
just as i had ordered it. arrived on time and was priced below local retail.
easy to use and it works. clean the head of my canon optura numbermc in seconds. good price.
truly plug and play.  it works exactly the way i expected.  recommended!
this is the exact same wire that they sell at best buy for $number.  i got two of them...
this monster cable is quality at its best, i ran this to all my speakers for clean install.
does what it's supposed to.
older styles of memory are getting harder to find at a good price, get yours while you can...
for the price, fastest speed, lowest f-stops,best control, and best quality.  and sony...
love this antenna!
nice little device - very inexpensive, compact, and usefull on a table.
the is the most accurate gps i have ever tested.it is a good overall unit.
very well made...works awesome and it's compact.great buy.
it did all the description said it would. i am very happy with this product.
excellent balanced sound quality, you wo not get any better for this price.
these earphones are great for the price. a long wire adds to the convenience.sound reproduction is excellent.mac
for the price, they do the job.have been using them numberhrs/day number.numbermonths.good luck,
awesome!!!!  a great value headphone for the buck.  had them for a few months without fail.  highly recommended.
very good sound and very comfortable. it has a lot of cable but not big problem.
you cannot wrong with sennheiser headphones.  they are excellent from the cheapest to the most expensive
the sound, especially lows is astonishing. i have never heard headphones sound this full. bose? please.
the hd-number are excellent headphones for a reasonable price.  the sound reproduction is true professional quality.
get these!  you have to hear them to believe it.  awesome cans.
very pleased
accurate sound, comfortable--only issue is the cord is really long, so kind of bounces around alot when walking/running.
this microphone is pretty good looking, and it does it work very well
excellent desktop microphone highly recommend if you do not wanna use a headset. has decent quality and noise cancelling.
the unit works fine as it should. it is comfortable and gives a good sound quality.
my g/f seems to be very satisfied with them.i guess.no complaints anyway.
works as advertised.
nice for price.  i was actually surprised at how much i like this item.
we have new computers and wanted extra protection.  we recently lost our power an all our equipment was fine.
nothing bad to say about these headphones.  i like the sound and the long cord.
they do a great job gripping your head.  i have three pair of these now.
works as designed; would buy again
works well,  signal is stronger in all my tv connections (number connections over the whole house.
this product operates excellently as advertised. the booster ,for me, overcomes the signal weakness caused by cable splitters.
this booster did everything it said it could and more...great picture instantly.
it improves signal strength drastically with a regular indoor antenna.  it actually works better than my amplified indoor antenna.
great headphones, exactly what i wanted to replace original set that i had usedso much they needed replacing
comfortable and easy to store
fits perfectly on my macbook air with the small screen guides, works exactly as planned.
fits my number+ year old numberm anti-static vacuum. works as promised.
enought space for spare batteries, sd cards and reader, weather-proof, and not that expensive.
exactly as described!  love belkin products, they stand by their products with a great guarantee :)
inexpensive and does what it's supposed to do. perfect!
works great!
lightweight and priced right.we keep this with our headsets for travel or just enjoyment at home.....bought two, even!!  :&#number;)
this is useful. i bought it but did not use it much.
belkin speaker and headphone splitterbelkin speaker and headphone splitterboth inputs have left and right audio works greatzzz
worked
great buy !it's cheap but usefulit's not long but enoughworth the money which you spend , highly recommended
this cord works great.  it is very long and can get pretty much anywhere.  the speed is excellent.
good product.no issuessnagless mold is really good. along with this i bought numberft cable too. both are working fine.
it's a great catnumber ethernet cable.
good heavy, long cable at a very good price.
perfect!
i am pleased.item is as described.  works as expected .the fit is perfect.cord appears to be h.d.
great addition to my blu ray player. fast update speed and great for streaming netflix videos.
i received the real cables to go cables, so no issue there.  they are very nicely made and work perfectly.
the title says it all. i received the cable in only number days and its working great.
cables to go has great deals on network cables with top notch quality. much better value than retail stores.
good, it is what it is.
it works as intended,i do not see any speed increase or decrease or any thats noticeable.
i use this to connect my pc to my router, works as described. good value for the money.
arrived as described, faster than expected.no problems, works as it should.would order again.
blends in great with my black electronics.  no complaints.
great!
i buy these cables for work and have found them to be completely reliable and easy to plug/unplug. recommended.
i try to purchase cables to go products because they are always without defects.i was not disappointed.they worked flawlessly.
good cable, tested goodwhat else can i say?it was advertised as number' and it is
straightforward ... good cables at a good price.  have never had a problem with these.
exactly as shown, exactly as promised, work perfectly on my linksys cable/dsl router (numberport).
its sad they require you to have a letter count minimum for productbut simply put it works good price
product as advertised.  price was right.  reasonable shipping.  timely delivery.  what's not to like?
i bought itit worked like it was suppose togreat pricethats pretty much all there is to it
it's powering a vantec nexstar number.number" hd with a seagate number rpm drive inside.  working well.
great
it does the job and the price is fair. not much else to say.
good deal
verbatim number-pack color cd & dvd slim cases number assorted colorsexcellant quality!!! works great with cd's or dvd's.
these cases do what they are supposed to do and the colors are nice, too.  i would buy them again.
good price! colors a good thing!shipped in a good packaging container and meets expectations.many many thanks!  :) mark.
these are always great for the money to protect your cds
they stay closed very well, opening is not always the easiest but that is because they lock well!
as described, work great.
i had never made cables before.  these worked great and the price was great.
works as it should and could not program my radio scanner without it..buy it..you will like it.
not much to say - works as intended, and gave me the extra plug i needed.
this item do the work. connected to a xbox to deliver power to a custom dvd room drive.
it's a number' patch cable.it works, it straightened out nicely.my printers are happy!i do highly recommend.c.
great price for quality
got it, ran it, my wife's pc is online at our usual cable modem speeds.
this product works exellent and is professional grade quality. i recommend that anyone that needs one should buy this.
ehternet cable cable workled like it shouyld. i saved $$ why do other stores charge sooo much more?
do not waste your money on expensive cables. this gets the job done for a fraction of the price.
works great, no problems, and the price was much better than what i found in retail stores.
quick shpping and great cablesthank you
works as expected
wow for this price? you should get one for sure. works well after one year. great purchase.
very stable and useful connector.also, it is a bargain. and it works well!well build.
awesome price, i use it for a laptop to hook to my tv, easy to use and well made
works as advertised.
excellent cable.hooked up and had no issues what so ever.would buy again.great price compared to similar items.
this cable works better than i expected. there is no "ghosting" the video is absolutely clear. highly pleased.
this cable was the missing link between my laptop and projector for presentations in church assembly.
perfecti have tested other cables with my projector.this one makes a good difference.the image looks perfect.
got this so i can link my netbook to my lcd t.v., works great and the view is brilliant.
this converter rocks.  i was able to download number,number to my ipod number gig drive in nine minutes.i recommend.
it's a firewire cable that is long, not too expensive, and works perfectly.  highly recommended.
good adaptor
how can you type enough wordsto say this adapter is what i neededand it worked alright for me.
does the job.
finally found what i needed, after buying a few works great shipping speed was ok.  price was great
cable works just like advertised. picture looks great. no reason to spend big bucks on these cables
compared to brand name cables costing $number-number, this is definitely worth it! no problems at all, works perfectly.
single link dvi cables work fine on monitors up to numberxnumber and thats all i needed it forworks good
works with hp inkjets and macbook , cheap.funny that manufacturers have stopped bundling cable with the printers.
seems to work perfectly with my usbnumber.number printer/scanner. bargain price and quick delivery as well. ca not complain.
hard to rate a cable.  i gave it number stars because the device it is attached to works perfectly.
it is a number foot cable and it works. hey, i am happy with it.
instead of $number.number plus shipping, less than a dollar plus shipping.  and it works just fine.
this product works perfectly, as described.  and for a fantastic price!  it almost cost more to ship it!
no difference between this cable and $number-$number cable.
it does exactly what it's supposed to do.  what else do you need from a cable?
great!
works as advertised
it works well in my labeling machine. relatively cheap (at least at the time i ordered it).
exactly as advertised, in other words perfect.
i use these to store dvd & cd.  take up little room and protects from scratching.  heavy wieght construction.
decent paper sleeves, not as nice as the cotton fiber ones, but they work great.  fantastic for their price.
what can i say. the price is right. the quality is good. they get the job done.
they do what they are supposed to do, protect discs. the price was reasonable, and none arrived broken.
works well. hard to expect much from a surge protector until it's put to the test with a surge...
have a photosmart number from hp, works well. just thought id say so.
great optical mouse for the price. i have had no trouble and it works great!
a good solid reliable mouse. the cable is flexible and works good. no more cleaning the ball...
they fit my patchbay and they are very well built.i would use more of othese in my future plans.
these cables are great.they do the job with gusto!!!
it's a cable.it works.not much more to say.seems solidly built.no problems so far.seems to be of good quality.
too soon to tell
very durable, im dj and i use it to connect my amplifier to my mixer. i recommend it!
exactly what i was looking for. using withm-audio avnumberreplaced a cheaper rca to number.numbermm that had some noise.
we are using this from an mpnumber player into a roland monitor cube with no problems.
just what i needed and could not find anywhere else. great value, too!
well made, work great and good price...
excellent service and good product. product is as described. bought this and worked well with my system.will buy again.
have a few of these they come in handy :) good buy
no issues so far. not much i can say about this simple item.
used to connect to my rocksmith cable. love it, works great,.
simple couple that does the job.
for use with my ear-buds that have a cable that sticks straight out.i tried it and it works fine.
this is a solidly built adapter that is compact and works great.  the connections are tight and noise free.
solid construction, super mechanical and electrical connections, great sound quality and stereo separation.this is a nice little accessory.jim
serves the purpose
it does work, and the red and black equals right and left is correcthave not tested its durability yet
this is awesome for splitting headsets. i am sure the audio would be clear for any quarter inch coupling.
not much to say really... the adapter does what it's supposed to do and does not feel too flimsy.
bought this for an older roland keyboard. hard to find at local electronics shops. works like a dream.
this cable was purchased for use between my blackmagic cameras and my smallhd monitors. it's a great little cable.
nice item!
excellent product, even comes with a cloth to use for cleaning your plasma or lcd set.
good price and great battery life - and we take lots of pictures.  what else can you say?
i was up and running in under number minutes.
easy to set up, works great, price is right. highly recommend.
this card is great, i set it up on both windows number and windows xp os without any problem.
good product. one of the better antennas i have used and i have used a lot. highly recommend.
why not? good price, same performance as sony. pick it up, and save over the name brand.-harry
this is exactly the same thing that sony makes, but its cheaper! so why not save some money?
no problems with it. i own two, and they are cheaper than sony.
the price says it all.  fully compatible with my dsc-snumber
no interference, good quality, good looking, easy install and operation. works as advertised. no cons.
finally get am stations on my receiver.looks great and greatly improved am reception...get stations in austin now (number miles)
i think this is the best universal remote control with learning keys.
worked like a charm out of the box.  fast, cheap, and problem free.
works fine.  direct replacement.  no complaints.
save thousands and go for japanese products instead of austrian/german products, the quality difference is very small.
like i said, i have never had a problem with this cable. very happy i bought it.
connected one monitor and two computers to this switchbox.  works fine, with no apparent loss of signal.
it works as advertised. if you need a realtek-based pccard, this one fits the bill.
does what it suppose to do. what more can i say. never had any issue with it.
this product is very good. i am using this for the past number months and no issues till now....
nice an light for my net book
with all of today's gadgets using usb, this little hub is a life savior!works like a champ!
bought to to with my new mac.  what's not to like...it works like a champ.
i use this with my mac mini and it works great.  no problems and it powers my connections.
excellent usb number.number hub. provided additional usb connectivity when number usb connections on my computer failed.
i especially appreciate all seven ports neatly lined up in front, greatly simplifies cable management.
these work and work well!  best usb hubs i own (and i have ten of these)
d-link is trustable. this hub is all that i want. small, fast, flexible. it's a nice piece of hardware.
nice and tidy and works like a charm. delivered on time and in excellent shape. thank you!
speed is great.mixing number with number does not seem to be a problem.wish i would gotten one with more ports.
works like a charm.  nicely built, functions just like it should.  i am happy.
installs easily and gave me a large number of sockets for usb devices on my laptop
brand has always been good as far as i am concerned.  i stand by the product.
this was easy to connect and it worked fine for me with the default windows xp drivers.
this products allows my applications to work with ease. very durable, easy to use too.
worked off the bat in linux.  have not tried on my mac yet.
this is the most comfortable optical mouse i have used. it works great on my mac pro.
used it for a couple of years and is still working as it is supposed.
how much should i write about an ear cushion?  it fit the headset perfectly and is comfortable.
spare set
seemingly made of denser foam than original, so lasts numberx as long. works on any plantronics headset.
it is a foamy windscreen....does what it is supposed to do!they shipped it fast and it slips right on.
not much to say about this adapter. it works. plug and play. it's about number inches long. perfect. :-)
this is quite a bit longer than my original cable, which is nice.  works great.recommended if you need one!
solidly built & works as expected.
it's compact and company that makes this surge protector gets nothing but great reviews. do not think just get.
does the job needed!
the best. electrical supply house charges double.
excellent.  great customer support when one of these recently got damaged.
nice power strip. small, stable and safe.also looks fine in my room.it's worth what i have paid and expected.
i have been using this cable for a little over a month, and have had no issues.  it works!
you ca not spell dull ommen without null modem!also, this null modem cable is sturdy.  good buy.
works great
perfect
the product has worked perfectly. had a good set of instructions. i highly recommend it.
great by! works as should and keeps the cpu running cool! no problems with heat!
this hub works great!  easy installation.  no fuss!  that's the way things ought to be!!
this is the best trackball i have ever used, and the wireless funcationality is superb.
it's my fav.
set this up yesterday, and very happy with it.
not as fast as in the past but great quality customer service and the price..all is well..numberstars
netgear ethernet switch expands your ability to add network devices without purchasing a new or bigger router.
great product.  needed a little help with set up and got it from customer service.  great service!
does what it should and does it a fair price. ca not ask for more from an adaptor.
it my first compact flash card so nothing to compare it to.its good as far as im concerned.
used this for a cisco catalyst instead of the overpriced cisco ram.  works perfectly.
sandisk sddr-number-number  compact flash to pc card adapterjust works.  does not cost much.  'nuff said...
i used the speakers with my dvd player and it works great!  great performance for the price.
very well built.  good product.
i bought this for my treadmill. it's a simple design and it works well. the indicator lights are helpful.
i think its perfect for those summertime thunderstorms
everything was perfect - item just as stated and shipped quickly.  would do business again.
it is working good.
perfect for what i need
title says it all. it looks good, its functional, it's practical, and it protects your electronics.
hard to know but it looks good it has a warranty for items attached, seems like a winner
easy to install, belkin is a name you can trust. i have for my wall mounted imac, work great.
this memory return back to life and old desktop computer that i have. works very nice.....
fit perfectly and worked fine with no errors to report.good price and would definitely recommend it to a friend.
works great, easy to use and store.  it is just what i need.
the buttons are very useful.  mutt button is perfect for phone calls when you are jamming away!
love it. it works really great. i plan on buying another one.
i have a hdtv and i pick up every free chennal in san francisco. great price.
i use this in my basement and get excellent reception on all ota broadcasts in my area.
the fan worked as it should, plugged right in lit right up.
i find this a necessary tool to keep my canon  elura number in top operating condition........
unlike other media cards i have purchased, these work as advertised and for a great price!
no problems yet.  i purchased memory for my mustek dvnumber and memory worked fine.
when it come to ease of use price and phot quality this camera is it.
the most profound thing i can say is that the drive is installed and working.
super picture... super sound.. i really am very happy with mine!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
for the price there is nothing better.  hoya is great and these are quality filters.
if ya only have two filters mape this one of em and a uv the other.
very good. everything you could expect from a quality product. no complains at all.
for the price, this cpl was the best quality and performance i could find.  it takes great photos.
works fine - at a very reasonable price. used to protect the actual camera lens.
never seem to get many errors w maxell and they are printable with the casio disc title printers.
instructions easy to follow. the product is strong and well made and does what it is built to do.
nice little radio
the perfect radio!
it's very good and sensitive radio with good stereo quality of sound when listening with headphones.good merchandise
does all you need it to -- easy button selection -- great price.
if you need a cooling fan this size, i can highly recommend these.smooth and quiet.this is a great product.
for a tripod with an extending neck, and for its compact size, great item.
this is a fabulous number gigabyte internal hard drive. it is fast, reliable, and reasonably priced. go for it.
love the extra long cord for the price
it works and it's number feet.  i am satisfied.
i have been using these for over number.number years now and they are still working perfectly.
this is by far the best usb extension cord i have ever owned.
this was exactly what i wanted - i needed an extension cable so i got one.
this cable is plenty long and does exactly what is expected with no lapse in speed!
i bought this to exstend for my ipod  doc on my desk it works perfectly
it's a good connector to extend your high speed internet cable.  i bought two.
very handy indeed - when my wireless quit working i strung two number' catnumber's to reach the bedroom.
this package is refills for label making set.  it works well.  speedy delivery, too.
tired of using duct tape to cover cords in your conference room? here is the solution. cut with scissors.
boil the crap out of it like the other reviews say and you will be sitting pretty
i needed some more memory for my computer and this has reliably done the job.
works as expected in a pentium iv desktop pc.
not much to say here...it either works or it does not. works as expected.
not much to say about this. its a good price for solid, reliable memory. i would buy again.
obviously, if you need more ram, things are going to be slower.  easy to install, doubled my computer's speed.
bought two numbergb modules for my old dell, installed, it works, what's not to like?
had for a long time, has not failed on the small computer i have. does it's job.
my memory shipped promptly and worked fine in my dell dimension number. no problems at all.
product was spot on as advertised. using it right now. will buy from this seller again.
easy to install. works just as stated. i have never had any problem with kingston products.  worth the money.
whats to say, "it's a memory card" it works in my canon sdnumber.
found bag the perfect size to store camera, cables, batteries, charger and extra sd cards.
nothing much to say for this review but thanks kodak. this camera bag is just great!
since it will not come with any bag, buy this with your kodak!
this is an inexpensive and well made camera bag that has room for batteries and extra sd cards.
small enough to stay out of you way but big enough to take extra batt's and the charger.
great wireless card for windows xp. installation was very easy and performance has been very good.
intstalled as promised and worked great with my linksys router. much better than the linksys pci card
we had to purchase this to work with zetafax.  we plugged it in and everything worked seamlessly.  excellent
got it yesterday, and so far no complaints.  the more i use it the more i like it.
i have two of them and have never ever had a problem.best number.numberb router!
this was just too easy to set up with the manumber wireless card. no problems after number weeks.
update: bought the linksys, and now use this one as a backup. better range.
i have been using this for more that a year now with sbc yahoo dsl. no problems at all.
great keyboard.  much better touch than the one i was using, works just fine with the imac.
the product works as advertised. the order was shipped promptly. great service.
a must for everyone with a computer, every major photo studio in the city has one.
it feels great, it works great and the software is actually useful.
geat adapter from my mac.  i can use a reagular hdtv as my monitor for awesome picture qulity.
they have a nice long cord, cover the ear nicely and overall provide great sound.
one of, if not the best lens to have on your camera or in your bag.
flawless operation.  super sharp.  great bokeh.  i wish i got this sooner.
this lens is still one of my favorites and used most of the time.  good all around zoom lens.
title says it all, the best there is and i echo all the good things said.
this is an awesome lens.obviously use a tri- or mono- pod at lower shutter speeds
good deal in the two pack. exactly what i expected and arrived quickly from amazon.
i am very happy with both the price and quality of this filter. i would buy it again.
i am very pleased with this polarizer. it is a great value at a modest price.
no problems whatsoever. no setup required. nice color (for those who like purple)as well. overall, very satisfied.
really good audio card.  used the crap out of mine.  might look on ebay for a better price though.
fit perfectly.
just right ,fit nicelyif this product is fake like some customer sayingi wish all fake product were like this.
lost cap while on vacation so was happy to order replacement to have when i got home.
the center-pinch design is very easy to use and less prone to being knocked loose .
very nice replacement for the older model lens cap. i have replaced all my older lens caps with this model.
you need to protect your lens at all times, having a clean lens is always the diference.
i lost my original lens cap.  this one looks, feels and works just like the original.  no complaints.
expect high quality from nikon (even a lens cap) and was not dissapointed by this purchase
these speakers sound good on my deck and seem to hold up to the weather/rain
i installed by my pool. they look great, are easy to install and sound great. look no further. wonderful.
what a great well-built product! strong,lightweight,and easy to operate! highly recommended.a perfect tripod for beginners and pros alike!
works as advertised
worked great.  i did not notice they are black and clear, but that was my fault.  would buy more.
does it job nicely and neatly.  go for it and you will happy you did.
i expected trouble with number mouse buttons, but this tiny switch works like a charm.
works great. no prob. like the extra long cord...
wonderful set of headphones - easy to transport - lightweight and great sound.  i highly recommend!!
i can actually hear my ipod when mowing the lawn!  no more whimpy "fall out of your ears" buds!
using these cds for some time.for data and music recording.excellent quality for it's price.vitnet
best buy for the $$ and are just as good as the higher priced cds.
not amazing quality, but for the price i paid, they certainly have been lasting long!
a good pair of headphones, especially for the price. great sound on standard quality mpnumbers and videos.
makes a small audio system sound like a big system. very good quality, highly recommended.
these batteries are great, motorola brand, work great.  received the batteries fast.  will order from this seller again.
replaced the regular batteries in mt motorolas. great for skiing. holds up in cold weather better than regular batteries
works great.
works as you would expect and has a great profile that can be installed in any size case.
great product, and fits my compaq perfectly.  i like the color and style, very sleek.
very good fiber optic cable although it is not as popular anymore they were replaced by hdmi cables
cable works as described, seems to be a solid performer and well made.gnumber
i have been using two sets of this cable for almost a month now.  no issues.
waited a while for this review, been a few months and no problems with the batteries.
excellent product, works for any type of lens. he arrived in the estimated time.
no brainer to get this - great for cameras, binoculars, eyeglasses, and lens of projection tv. works great!
this lens cleaner is expensive but worth every penny, it must be in your camera bag.
i love this thins.  it does everything it is advertised to do.  great cleaning tool for smudges.  enjoy it.
it does the trick. although you might get a cheaper version from another manufacturer, i went with nikon...
there are suprises here, it is a low cost cleaning system that does what it is supposed to.
this pen cleans where cloths fail. it is powerful without injuring or damaging your lens.
this is a tool every one must have. it cleans your lens, cd, dvd, etc.
a must have for you camera kit. great for brushing off your camera lenses if they get dusty.
good cleaner kit additive..
buy it..........keep it in your bag...........and im sure sooner or later you will be glad you did............
this is a replacement for a worn out lenspen.
these work pretty darn good. i always carry one when out with any of my cameras.
excellent product.  carries my laptop securely and all of my business documents.  soft to the touch but sturdy.
fit perfectly a number ford explorer xlt
best surround speakers one can buy for the money. small and high quality sound for home theater.
so far so good!  sound is amazing!!!
works just fine and alway look for this splitter/combiner
fit perfect and it works.
it's a duracell!
item says "not for regular maintence" so i have not used it.  delivered fast and in sealed packing.
have not used yet, but panasonic products have always been one of my top choices.
great product. please only use as directed and you will get the best results from this cleaning tape.
fixes and cleans all my camcorders. you can rewind it and get one more use from it.
for the price i think is the best fm radio i have had. reception is good.
well i am not a huge cable geek, but these seem plenty sturdy and work fine.
works great and priced right!  what else can i say?!  it's a cable.
these speaker mounts are sturdy, well-built and versatile to use.  i was not disappointed and i highly recommend.
tdk products have always been excellent products for the money
i got two of these and have been using them ever since.  works very well for me.
i like the drive but more important, i loved the support when i needed it. keep the good job.
better sound quality than the standard sub woofer cable.  would definitely recommend this product.
anyone into sterio's know the importance of the proper cables, and connections.  good stuff!!
i ran these thru the wall for my new flat screen plasma, and i had no problems at all.
from one type of connection to another,for me this is the greatist for the price.
there is little to say about a cable that works.  i arrived on time and worked the first time.
great product at a great price
it simply works - little more need be said.  plug in all your network connections and you are done.
exactly what i expected from netgear gs prosafe - sturdy. plug it in and it works.
so far working great. as
very solid metal contruction, fast gigabit peformance, lifetime warranty.  what more could you ask for!
been using them for my company.  very good product.  just plug it in and let it work.
awesome. received fast. good price, compatible, works great, super fast, very happy
works as expected. great price.
always reliable expansion switch
good quality. monster products are always on point,
for us at the gym, these inexpensively priced headphones work great.we were pleasantly surprised by the fidelity, as well.
the headphones produce amazing sound for the price. buy them.i really dont have anything better to say about it...
simply a steal at this price, very comfortable, great bass with balanced tone.
great price and decent sound..bought number for my wife and me to use with our ipods..
good for making copies!
i got these at a low price, better than the local stores. fast shipping, and convenient delivery. amazon rocks!
no problems at all with this card, a good buy for the money.
this card is working great in my canon digital rebel camera.  great price as well.
you can find the same product in wall-mart.so, you do not have to wait for so long.
this was a free gift with my camcorder purchase -- what's not to like about it???!!!
great quality, reasonable price, arrived quickly.  just what i needed.
worked in my sony camera as they should, when memorex would not. far less expensive than buying retail.
this is the first kvm that i have used and it has performed flawlessly.
cheaper than most sites ive been to and the product works great with no problems so far.
this is what i've been wanting for a while,glad i ordered it..good byecame in no time at all
easy installaiton, fast response, keyboard switch. my setting: logitech mx-number wireless mouse, compaq wired keyboard. recommended.
audio technica is a well known company of quality.  the headphones exceed my expectations.
great for excluding sound. great value.
wowworks perfect  \could use longest cable but who cares it work great for the pricebuy it no worries
very sharp and cheap. but also feel cheap .this is a must have lens.
my first single focal length lens. i am still trying to adjust it...but its getting better. very light.
i love this lens, great for people on a budget who want to get into photography.
amazing lens. seriously, this lens is amazing for the price. stop reading reviews and buy it.
this is a great lens for the price! a must for indoor pictures, with or without flash.
if you want a good all around lens you ca not beat the price on this one.
takes very good portraits. feels a little cheap, but takes high quality pictures. made my portrait pictures better.
what else is there to say?a prime lense for less than $number!  totally awesome!:-)
super value.  i use it on my canon numberd for inside video.  amazing results for cheap!!!!
crisp, clean and beautiful. i love shooting on this and it was cheap. every photographer needs this lens.
great images. incredible videos.i love this lens, especially for the price!the number.number f stop is gorgeous and looks lovely.
excellent lens! if you only have money for one lens, you really should consider this one!
for the price, you ca not get a better lens for indoor/available-light shooting with nice depth-of-field.
dont let the plastic body fool you. you are buying glass. and this glass is super sharp.
a must have lens!!
i ca not say much more than the already rave reviews here. it's a great lens for the price.
great lens for the bucks.  i later replaced with a better lens (canon numbermm usm).
i found this lens with it's f number opening to be of great use in low light digital photography.
awesome, i am a farmer and take my camera with me on the tractors, this case protects it perfectly.
made of sturdy plastic with nice rubber inserts which keep your cf cards in place. works perfectly. highly recommended.
purchased this strap and was happy from the moment i installed it. very comfortable and glad i bought it!
this strap is really high-quality.  my camera feels lighter, and this results in less neck/shoulder strain and skin irritation.
timely delivery at a competitive price. advantage over brick and mortar stores with regard to sales tax and convenience.
works greattook a little tweaking to get it to work with our pocket wizards but it does work great
it's not the latest and greatest in technology, but it's powerful, inexpensive and it does the job very well.
no worth it,so small,lack of breeds,incomplete,garbage can its where it belongs,buy instead the big one ,would be bettersucks!!!!puff
this item did not work right out of the box.  i plan to return it.
i would not even give this one star. the lids did not fit the containers so they were useless.
misleading listing. title makes it seem like that it is for two side tables and i only received one.
description of recharger is inadequate. overseas buyers need to know if the recharger input is numberv/numberhz, numberv/numberhz or both.
i was extremely disappointed with this product.it arrived with a large crack in the clear plastic processor container.
this never worked for us.  it was a hassle to return it for a (...)item.
i got mine and it did not even turn on! i wish you could put - stars
stopped working after number uses - incredible!  a recall should have been issued for this failed product.
burned out after number months and weak coffee and too much cleaning
this ice cream maker stopped working after about six uses for no apparent reason.  buyer beware.
too hard and too much work!  bad documentation!  do not buy!
i could not use it as the machine exploded when i plugged in the socket .
cheap cheap cheap!!!!plastic is so poor quality that it broke within number days of purchase!!!!also very poor air flow!!!
the pressure is doing us fine thank you.
made in china.defective motor - worked for less than number min.electric code violation - bare wires visible
very bad, it broke after using it just a couple of times. do not buy it !
the bags are too small and then too expensive when they have to be changed constantly.
product description says: "genuine hoover filter bag. "they sent me cheesy dvc brand.not cool.
fake item
the best home made ice cream ever.  easy to operate.  great recipes come with machine.  well worth the cost.
it is very uncomfortable.too thick to hold, too gentle too peel.more like a toy that an appliance.
broke on first use.  bought the zwilling j.a. henckels twin pure apple corer which is solid.
do not buy this product!!!is not sturdy, cheap peeler, not worth the price
broke easily and cheap feeling.did not last very long (less than number months).look for something else - not worth it.
this scoop did not last.  the spring broke after a few uses.  do not waste your money.
mine broke on the numberrd use!  no need to say anymore!
the tool really is good for nothing!  the blades were dull and the herbs just became a stringy mess!
hated it, it was broken when it arrived, i could not assemble it, i threw it away.
not as good as edlund number" tongs. sent them back and got a prompt refund.
the spring broke in about a month, had to throw them away, look for another set of grips
at first i liked this slicer but after just a few uses it broke and now is not usable.
the lid on the spinner arrived cracked. the mailing package was intact, i question the sellers quality control.
did not work.  looked difficult to clean too.  i think this one is more complicated than it needs to be.
i too have experienced the plastic cracking and breaking.  would not buy another.
plastic broke within a couple uses. i learned to read reviews before buying, even if the brand seems reliable.
a good idea, but after only a few uses, the plastic started cracking and finally just broke completely.
the framing cracked after number months of use.  unacceptable.
flimsy metal seperated after a couple of uses, not happy
buy a cheap curved knife from the dollar store. this item is all plastic and does not work very well.
glued with super glue but that broke toorotten design, find a different brandnot sure why so many good reviews
a few months after buying and using this brush, *all* the bristles fell out in one big clump.  yikes!
the spoon is great but the handle bends like a noodle.
very poor quality control!labels wore off after a few uses!!!the label should have been molded into the plastic.
they work, but not once the labels wash off and they do wash off pretty easily.
if someone could please tell what this is useful for, i would be grateful.  it does not even deserve one star.
used this machine once. second time machine did not go on, it just died.
plugged it in...nothing.  maybe the replacement will work.
poor quality construction, failed on the first usage. do not recommend this item. very disappointed with quality of build.
after number months stopped grinding well.  flax always got clogged
was not enough to cook just to warm things  up . would not recommend this product to any one
i have had number farberware percolators #fcpnumber in four years.  the heating element does not work afternumber years .
this coffee pot does not work at all, makes the weakest coffee not worth the moneyhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/bnumbergdfnumbersu/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
farberware fcpnumber electric percolator  started to fail after number-number monthsand completely died at the beginning of may.
this piece of s#@* broke after a few months, same exact one before it lasted less than a year.
have had this less than five months and already it is not percing properly.  do not buy.
my unit lasted only a year and number days and quit.did not keep coffee hot as desired.
first the plastic top broke off at number months.  then it stopped working at number.i have one word: junk.
it made cold, bad coffee. i returned it to amazon because i was immensely dissatisfied.
we used this slow cooker three times and it quit working!!!
i wish i could find a way to season it, so it is useless now.
my daughter did not receive this item after i ordered it, so i ca not review it.  bonnie holyoak
great while it worked, though a little large. but, it broke after number.number months
stuck on number degrees after about ten uses or number months.
did not heat properly. very disappointed.
very slow and pops less than halfit takes forever to pop and it leaves most unpoppedi do not like it
used it once and it broke before i used it the second time.
a poor good for nothing thing .. nothing more to add
i returned it. no strength at all.
looks good but a terrible cheaply made useless machinehoping for a better one at goodwill or the salvation army
i do not know if it was just mine, but the blade is dull and squishes more that it cuts.
this is not going to save you time.  i have this thing in my kitchen and it never gets used.
cheap
amazon failed to ship with in number days so i cancelled the order and bought one at wallmart
it's easier to cut potatoes by hand.  product is flimsy and hard to use.
only handles small potatoes.  number something inches.  sent it back.
do not waste your money , to small for even small potatos
could not cut sweet potato even though it was cut in smaller pieces.apparently not sharp enough for this potato.
the measurement conversions are incorrect.  i had to return it.check the tablespoon column, for instance.
cheap!
the blade and handle were too small.  i cut my fingeron the first day.  im not using it...nat
very poor quality.  looks and feels like a $number knife from wal-mart.  i returned it.
after reading some positive reviews, i was excited to try this pan.i found it very very difficult to use.
after reading all the wonderful reviews, i bought it and tried to bake a flan in it. it leaks!
i have had this product for about two months, and despite being hand-washed the coating has already begun flaking off.
this item was out-of-stock. i eventually cancelled the order. amazon seems to have difficulties handling out-of-stock items anymore.
i would never buy this product again. the finish came off almost immediately. do not waste your money.
it stinks.  does bad job with battered food.  mine started to leak through the drain hose after three uses.
se rompio la primera vez que lo use. no gasten su dinero en esto.
these cheap plastic pieces of junk are not worth anything.  avoid them at all cost.
i ordered number sets (number savers).  within one week, number of them have fallen apart.  do not bother.  junk
...the hoffritz fondue set has been recalled...
disappointed with the size of product, have not used it yet.
this thing is extremely too small.  its useless. you can only fit about number.numbertsp of tea leaves in it.
the model i required was the australian model, not the number volt model for the usa.
a real piece of junk.  not worth the money i spent on it.  would never buy another one.
after number months- leaking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!- coffee(or tea)gets cold quickly!- bad quality of stainless steel - ca not get it clean inside
could not keep food hot for even two hours. the only time i have been disappointed by a thermos.
i only ever used this a handful of times and the wood split and it broke in half.
junk...horrible construction and materials.
pure junk!!! sent back because the wire did not line up with the gap on the board.
this unit was a great addition until the probe went bad after only a few months.  not recommended.
temp reads only &quot;hi&quot; or &quot;lo&quot;...nothing else.
broke after first use.  the temperature probe is unable to tolerate the high temperatures of an outdoor grill.
very poor quality.  plastic bowl has already cracked.  would not order again.
it is easy to clean.it's so helpful for my dream in kitch
the plastic edge around the teapot spout melted.  i only had this about one month.
this pepper mill looks impressive,but does not givewonderful results.pepper is not ground evenly.(numberh how i loveproperly ground black pepper...)
a standard tuna can does not even fit inside of it! such a waste! completely and utterly useless! do notbuy!
mine worked for a year, then the bottom non-stick surface started to peel off.
motor burnt up!  yuck
this item only fits certain models of cusinart food processors. it should be specific as to which models!!!!!!!
defective/does not work properlyshreads everthing very small not numberxnumbermm fry cutthey should rename disk "the destroyer"
it was defective!!!!!!!  i needed it really badly and when it came  i could not use it!!!  very disappointed!!thank you!
plastic clutch makes this unit a joke.  you are better off with a $number.number oster.
it was a fine kettle, but after a year suddenly stopped working.  considering the price, one would expect more.
this bowl does not work with the ice-number ice machine
this blender worked great...for number months!  then it began to smoke and it completely died!
the above or the blender are mia.  i was going to contact you about thesepat
the lack of a tight seal makes this product unusable. liquid got everywhere. do not purchase this item!
mine lasted less than number months and i ca not find a replacement blade assembly anywhere.
mine broke after number months of light use, and neither amazon nor braun would replace it.
mine too leaked within a year anytime i left water in it.  pain in the neck.
i had to though mine so did number of my friends becouse of rust inside!
i returned this--absolutely unusable. could not keep bottle engaged while pulling down the two rather unforgiving arms.
they were out of product so i did not get it but had a hard time getting reimbursed.
amazon should discontinue sale of this item as replacement batteries are not readily available.
like several of the other commentors, our broke after number months with a crack down the middle
save your money. very difficult to operate. misses a lot. i am looking for another opener now
this juicer broke down in one week.
an amazing shreiking noise peirces my ears every time i use it.  my friends ca not line up the can.
like many of the reviews say - the broiler warped ridiculously on the first use.
does not grind salt.  at all.  turn, turn, turn; nothing happens.
bread box falls apart real easy. construction is awful
the description said "glass" jars, these were plastic.  someone needs to update this item.
third time i used it, the rubber knobs on the blade drive coupling broke off.
this toaster cannot do english muffins properly.
like many others, i have a numberqt mixer, but the number qt bowl covers do not fit!
broke in one use. returned.
too slow, gets clogged alot. my hand crank strainer is much better to use even with all its problems.
ordered by description, but box did not contain pasta attachments the reason for the purchase
the cutters on this device are not sharp.  the pressure needed to shred food will burn out your mixer.
i ordered this bowl for my mixer, and i recieved sander belts! ace hardware outlet are complete scammers!
did not understand why a product would still be on your web site for availability when product was already sold.
you shipped me the wrong product twice and i have not been refunded yet. when will i be refunded?
this item is impossible to clean, and if you use water it becomes a block of rust.
broken after about several times. choose a better one next time.
what ever happened to made in usa i want to  buy products made in america, where are they ?
in less than a year, this toaster broke.i would not reccommend it.
poor gasket, leaks easily. never a krups again.  lasted less than a year.
no comment!
it broke the moment i started it...
the product does not work properly.  when depressed the mister squirts a small stream and does not mist.
this does not spray oil it spits it. barely worth the money.
it will end up in your cabinet never used.
it worked well for two or three weeks, then---no matter how carefully we cleaned it---it only sputtered pitifully.
product is no good. it does not work properly.
this is a great product, but you can get it at bed, bath &amp; beyond for under $number
pillows just bursting at the seams in several places after only number.number hours of use!pillows were not too inflated!
when i received this item, it arrived in an already opened package. i expect more from amazon.
i bought number spoon sets as gifts and was dismayed to find that the rings rusted.cuisipro should know better!
made in china!  the gears did not align properly and i had to return it.
it is nothing but a container. i returned it immediately after the first use. do not waste your money.
this product worked wonderfully for the first number uses or so. now it does not heat up at all.....
for the $number.number yogurt starter amazon charges $number.number for shipping. what a ripoff.dr. tom
i would never buy these products again.  i replaced my entire set with stainless steel.
it melted in the first time i used it, and i just used it to get my dumplings.
it's not a slotted spoon, it's not a spatula.  it will become the least-used item in your drawer.
neat product, if it actually worked!  we will stick to the old fashioned kind of meat thermometer from now on!
this product did not come with all that was advertised !
the item delivered was not the item described.  needless to say i was extremely disappointed.
sounds like a b-number even in quiet mode. does not humidify air. wick system is a waste.
this scoop was faulty and the release device came out of place on muffin batter :(
this was sold as a two tablespoon scoop.  it is not.  it is a number tablespoon scoop.
this is a piece of junk.....the plastic is terrible for cutting even slices....the worst !
will not stay together keeps falling apart, cannot use serrated knife, too long.  do not buy this is terrible
says "our daily bread", not "bread".  too wide for the average homemade loaf, cheaply made.
cute too look at but the top keeps coming off. would not buy again
does not work well...can do just as good a job with a sharp knife with less mess.
smell verry bad with plastictried once smell still thereit worksfancy piece of plasticnothing to add more
too small,won't cover number peices of bacon & sticks too the press, big waste of money!
this was the worst product i have ever bought.  the blade is dull and the machine was filthy!
i tried this with pancakes & eggs, greased it well & it still just did not work right.
disappointed with product. seems to jam when meat is punctured. i do not recommend purchase. go with known brand.
there was nothing saying that it was not dishwasher safe.i ruined it after one use.  this needs better documentation.
hand rolling is the best guys...dont even think this is easy..iam returning this product soon. dint work even once!!!!
i have only used the steamer a few times, and one of the legs fell off.
fell apart first week ...have another with post which has lasted for many years ...do not get this one...
this vaccuum went back because it did not pick up a thing!
i have eureka "the boss" and bought this product by mistake. it's like a dusbuster; does not pick up anything.
too wobbly to use - calling customer service right now.
nordic ware number-in. bacon tray had to be returned as it was broken on one edge. end of story.
it broke the first time it was used!
the turntable has never turned! i only checked one-star because there was no place to record a minus!
very disappointing.  this is the third one that does not work and i will have to send back.  boo!
they sent the wrong ones, which i now have to pay the return shipping on.  not happy!
i am still waiting for my refund it has been number months since i sent it back
coffee stays hot for number hours??? not. maybe an hour if you are lucky.difficult to unscrew top.small capacity.chuck
making pesto yesterday the motor started smoking.  needless to say i am not happy
the trigger switch broke the thrid time i used it.  poorly made.
ca not review do not have as yet..................not a plesant experience
the blades broke the very first time i used them. in my opinion thay are very porely made.
buy it only if you want to return it!! or you like to take crappy stuff off the market!
regardless of any of this product's attributes, it is absurdly, hideously and dangerously loud!  what's the deal with that?
it broke after only using it number times.  move on...buy another brand.
the seller misrepresented the item online, item was not usable should have been thrown away.
very flimsy. could not slice a pot roastvery disappointing as i had read good reviewsit had no redeeming qualities
takes orders and does not have them in stock. will have to wait number mths to get me order.
this came with a european electrical plug.  what am i supposed to do with this?
this lasted for number malted milks, only number.  a piece of junk,.
this was a terrible product.  the motor burned up on the numbernd use.  would never recomend this product.
works fine but does not come apart to clean.
the board was warped when it arrived. i sent it back.
not worth the hassle involved to return product, will buy at the store next time.  not amazon's fault!
terrible- works only in the freezer. bought number and ca not use in the refrigerator at all. waste of money!
lens cracked first use; more junk sold on amazon.
baked our turkey with it. cracked in the oven the first time we used it.
maybe the product was defective, the dial never moved when i tried it.
worked once and never again
the "on" switch stopped working within two weeks, during which the item was used about three times.garbage.
stopped working within number months
junk
useless ssssssss dont get it.used it to measure the temp of my food, and failedwanna return it badly
after a couple of washings, the numbers have almost totally rubbed off! what a waste of money.
the numbers wiped off when cleaning after the first use.  i just used a damp cloth.
this worked fabulous until i washed it and all the numbers came right off! pick another one to buy.
like many other reviewers here, the numbers on my thermometer washed off the first time i used it. useless.
also bad product. falls off inside of sinksending it back
it's works but honestly you do not need it. it makes my table dirty...
unless you enjoy flat soda and a sticky mess dripping all over your counter and fridge, do not bother.
i bought this product in march and it never worked at all. what a big waste of money!
got a dud.  had to return.
i am sorely disappointed.  i have lost the vacuum seal on number/number of items vacuum packed and sealed.
product is very cheap, does not have a cutter for the roof. sent it back.
i was dissapointed that this item arrived broken and i needed to send it back for a refund.
absolutely terrible pepper mill.  i do not understand how it is so highly rated.
wrong product.
beware - 'govaccum' does not ship hoover brandthe compatible should not be listed here.
darn thing keeps turning off all the time while my housekeeper operates....i say it sucks!
there is little to no power on this vacuum cleaner.  it barely picks up holiday tinsel.
not nearly the quality of the original franciscan desert rose.  i was very disappointed.
this product failed to work right out of the box.  what else can i say?
poor mfg packaging allowed damage to the enamal coating during shipment. two pans ordered and both were damaged.
it leaks. its turns on and off when it likes. and not as smooth to iron.
did not get the item i thought i ordered.  cannot contact or get feedback from the seller warchildxx.
received wrong size filter.  further checking disclosed my size not available; went to another online supplier.
did not seem to have enough sucking power and broke after not much use.
good suction but the rotary brush has no power, it barely rotates when contacting carpeting.
item did not fit the vacuum they were said to fit.  i am not pleased
several plates were warped and thin edges...ca not understand why.  i feel like i bought damaged goods.
i ordered the plates and they were warped, like they were from the outlet mall. i was very dissapointed.
it is a butter vdish that is too small to properly hold a cube of butter.
design is poor. does not hold a wheelbarrow against wall. i will use it for ladders.
this thing is not worth $.number, much less $number. the lid broke after the third use. it's useless.
does not work too well.  watch out for factory serviced/reconditioned stuff!
i bought this humidifier and it never functioned properly at all. totally useless.
this product is horrible!  it is noisy and worst of all it produces a horrible musty smell!
worked beautifully for a few days, then leaked all over the place. everywhere. complete, utter garbage.
i returned it back to amazon, although i have to pay for all the shiping fee.
it does not work, waste of space and does'nt even cool things down.
toaster would not even turn on. apparently it was not even checked by the company that reconditioned it. very disappointed.
handles fall off with long use, they do not cook evenly.  never buying faberware again.
i had to return the item, it was broken up in pieces when i got it
the steam valve quit working after only six months.
it was actually broken and i am having  a very hard time returning it
received number in a month, first one never worked, numbernd one worked once.
i could of brought a better set in big lots.  knives rusted after first wash.  carousel is flimsy.
i waited from april to july and they could not get it in stock.
i was anticipating it to be bigger, the picture on the website of it holding pans is not realistic.
the number quart steamer does not fit in the number quart pan.
...  does not keep coffee warm.  top of caraffe is difficult to use.  looks pretty, but that's about it.
these extra corks were ordered with a vacuum pump(separate item same vendor).  they don't work with vacuum pump.
vacu vin pineapple easy slicer, set of numberrecieved item in excellant shipping time!!! love the product
i bought this toaster number months ago.  recently one side no longer heats up.
it quit  working in lessthan a month! very unhappy!!grrrrr!! now i  have  no  toaster and  lots  of  poptarts!!!
do not buy this product. the one i got was used three times and it quit.
is the george foreman better then,meal maker express contact grill?
stupid thing burned out after number months of use. but i guess for number bucks what do you want?
had number of them, all died within the numberrd-numberth cooking.
i got this recently and after just number weeks it broke down..pl never buy..venkat
the containers are nice, however, amazon packed the box poorly and the package came shattered in pieces.
ok
if you want to buy this color buy anchor bakeware it is so good
it needs to be further specified which models this fits. not mine.
the pot is very thin, and i am considering returning it to amazon.
terrible  -  do not work  the liquid kept running under the circles  making a mess
horrible product, very small, very deceiving, not worth the money, do not buy
these did not work well at all, they are not heavy enough and the eggs ran out of them.
i would not recommend this french fry cutter it is very hard to clean and is not very durable.
liked the style, and have bougt number. . .both failed within a year
this is all plastic - makes terrible coffee.  if i had not thrown out the box, i would return.
not so great as it uses up the base discs and it necomes expensive to replace.otherwise it works okay.
could not turn off the power with the switch. had to pull off the power cord.
this coffee grinder leaked coffee down inside the motor rendering it useless within two weeks of receiving it.
used it three times to grind small amounts of spices.  stopped working.
ours just broke in less than a year.  we were washing it.
i threw it in the garbage.cheaply made and came cracked.i did not want to waste my time returning it.
i finally just threw them out. they were apparently cured with some chemical and the smell was terrible.
i have been very pleased with my new purchase! henckels' knives are sharp and handle easily.
toaster looked good. but it died in one month after sparking.lets see how it can be replaced.pradeep
i have purchased two units one is working but other one is not working at all
my cusinart coffee maker is a piece of junk.wouldnt buy a cusinart product of anykind!
easily overheatsshreds badlydoes not really chop icesuper loudi returned mine
i used it and it popped oil all over my face now my face is crispy
the wires on this wisk are too far apart for mixing shallow quantities. ok for deep mixing, though.
worked great for a while then it wo not even open a can after only number uses.  its poorly built.
the strainer broke off from the handle.....i am surprised and disappointed with this product
does not work as smooth as described. water runs out brfore the eggs are cooked. many flaws.
worked for number weekany way to get money back?????do not know how to go about thatmike tierneyvery dissatisfied
i am really not impressed
recieved with cracked base and what looks like dog hair on said.
it leaks! no matter what i tried to do it just leaks. not a good product at all.
broke the second time we used it. otherwise, maybe it was a good food processor?
unsatisfied.  never received the item.. waited number wks before canceling order. purchased item at macy's
this item is to small  need for wide bowl.  knnumber bbt will have to reorder.
too small to be of any use
item was received broken and returned for refund.  refund has not been received to date.
it is a cheap made-in-china junk. my wife spotted the same product for $number at ross.
this travel mug is horrible.  i bought it two weeks ago and it drips continuously.  stay away from it.
does not even come close to working with loose tea...........save your money! in short garbage at any price!!!!!
it was dented because he was to cheap to in real box.
this coffeemaker is a piece of junk,you cant clean it and, it looks [bad] after a while.
sorry to report that this can open is totally unpredictable.i would not recommend it
the battaries die after two months.my wife wants her hand crank back.not a good deal.
bowl made of thin plastic which gradually cracks out. also leakage problems. would not buy again.
motor stopped working for no reason in one month, was used only a few times...stay away from that model...
poorly made, leaks at seams, makes warm - not hot coffee, not worth the $...
i bought this for my daughter and she used it twice and the switch broke
the coffee maker leaked waterednumber more words to make this send  seven more words to make this send
this stopped working after one week.  just would not turn on - do not recommend purchasing.
only made number/number cup  kept the rest of water inside sent it back for refund
this coffeemaker broke after only number months of use!  do not buy it!
this would have been a great product, but it stopped working after only number uses.
this is the worst iron you can buy.  waste of money.
i cannot get  it to work
does not freeze ice cream after leaving in the freezer number hours.
it was easier to buy the labels and put them over the existing labels on the wine bottle.
i purchased this item - it whistled for number weeks and then the whistle stopped
this product's quality is very bad...it broke when i used it at first time! the whistle jump out!!very bad!
very, very disappointed. the whistling mechanism fell apart two days out of the box!! had to return product immediately!!
is supposed be nonstick my food still sticks, is a mess dislike it very much.
only works properly if you are not moving and in a zero-gravity environment.
i threw out my money on this appliance.  next time i get a more expensive one. cheap is cheap.
this is the worst purchase ever.  the machine broke the second time i used it.
did not work after a month. very cheap material!
what i like least about this product is that it never arrived. i mean, really.
it worked great number times.  yes, only number times.  then it died.  enough said!
only used this a few times before it broke when slicing some hard italian cheese.  cannot recommend the product.
it performed poorly and it leaked.  i use a basic oster, now, and it is better and cheaper.
when the tea maker percolates the water through, the tea leaks from where the spout connects to the base.
blew out in number days. replaced the fuse blew out again and again. threw it away.
i just got this machine.  the bread pan will not come out.  i do not like this.
it lasted for a month.  then the motor burned out.
that's what i got out of this machine before the frother stopped working.  you get what you pay for.
junk!! do not buy! could not even make one quart of ice cream on this excuse of an ice cream maker.
this toaster oven wo not toast!!!  broiler works....but i did not buy it to broil my toast. it is going back!
several burner rods burned out only after a few months of use. the toaster button was always tempermental too.
this oven worked (poorly) for less than a month.  it totally shutdown thereafter.  cannot recommend to anyone.
after target would not take it back.  it is horrible........
horrible, it does not work at all! how can they even sell this?
apologies for previous review -- found the dimensions (if you can delete my previous entry, that would be good).
all the seals did not work.  very disappointing.
contrary to the instructions, these canisters are not dishwashersafe. mine warped and were ruined on the first wash.
these are junk.  they crack and will become useless in a very short time.
everything took twice as long to cookor ended up burnti would not recommend this product to anyone
faulty whistle makes this otherwise decent kettle very dangerous!
the first use in the oven, it cracked all the way through.
i was sent the wrong product twice!
do not buy!!! horrible buy!!! you will not have it no time until it breaks down....stay away!!!
i am not happy. not a single bread come out good .pl contact us. not recommend to buy .
no lid!!!  rather spend the money on a brand that thinks before selling number/number of a replacement piece.
excellenti will purchase more items on my listservice is excellent and promptitems are cheaperquick responsethanks
like many other reviewers, mine developed a crack after a couple of months of relatively easy use.
the chute is not long enough or pointed downwards, so guess where all the popcorn (and unpopped kernels) go!?  duh...
this is an awful product. pops about number% of the product and yields chewy popcorn....
i did not get the item i expected to get, also it does not work as it should.
this product is truly worthless and completely ineffective. do not waste your money.
followed instructions and very rare that it actually does as advertised...  will stick to the canisters
bought and the handle was broken and top...received a replacement and the same broken handle...cheap...
the wine was ok, but it jammed up pretty quickly. totally worthless product.
great machine but lasted less than a week.  replaced it with same result.  the product is badly flawed.
takes forever to warm up; pops only half the kernels; popcorn flys all over the place
after only number uses, the heating unit failed. what a piece of crap! do not waste your money.
false advertising!  no second motor for brush!!  do not waste your money on this one!!!!!!!
we returned the product becuase it did not have two motors (as described by many recent reviewers).
motor burned out after a few light uses - plain old junk!
second one, must be a small motor, very sluggish thicker substances like bread dough, returning and getting a viking.
cute water dispenser.  fits into small spaces but is not the greatest product.  it leaks.  unable to use it.
it's very difficult or next to impossible to clamp down on a can.  it's not worth the effort.
not only was i sent the wrong electrical wire attachment for this appliance, but it was a used one.
i have twice ordered these glasses over the last year only to be told they are out of stock.
product may be good however, i never received the bags nor the credit to my account
i hate it
rust immediately after first wash!  there's nothing else to say!
maybe i just have clean water to begin with, but i sure could not taste the difference.
these usually go for $number -$number.  look attarget or other online retailers.
instead of  the name of this set&quot;number-piece&quot; it contains only number knives and wood block
i bought these knives for my husband for xmas.they are terrible.do not waste your money.
these things are cool to look at but do not wash them cause they rust after number washes!!!!they suck
this is the worst set ever made~~~ they are rusting after first wash!!! do not buy!!!!!!!!
these teaspoons suffer from poor design and especially bad balance. bowl very shallow and handles thick and clumsy.
this was hard for me to set up and use.....
i couldnt get it to play region number dvd's ether, very badly designed!
why, this thing could not even play my region number dvds. boo-urns!
i bought this toaster to replace a $number supermarket special. i wasted $number.number.
the toaster does not toast well - have to push it down twice just to get toast once.
i would be happy to write a review if i ever receive the damn  thing!
waste of money. double wall insulated thermos from starbucks and david's tea are the absolute best!!!!!!
ordered this.  it does not look the same as the picture.  caveat emptor!
stopped working after number months. this is a worthless coffee pot. i would never buy again.
delonghi electric coffee grinder dcgnumber . i have had reliability issues with delonghi.
after a year the upper bar which turns red melted.piece of crap!
the silverware started having rust stains after only number weeks use.  returned for refund.
the product is lightweight and plastic.  this will probably only last about a month.
within a couple months these hooks began to rust. i have never seen shower curtain hooks do that before.
these are just stupid.  they fall off when you open the curtain.totally useless!pretty...but useless!
hard to clean, melts in dishwasher
ordered product long ago. item never got shipped. this has been my worst experience with any product.
vacuum emits an unpleasnt oder of vomit when running.  unable to use.
this item is a wonderful appliance, however, when i received this item it was broken and not useable.
i like the toaster but within a few weeks both of the knobs broke off.
the cheap plastic hinges broke after number months normal use.further, amazon gives you the run-around trying to returnit.
not good on waffles, not even.
had to return this item.  clips that should have held the plates on were bent.
this is a cheap product...not "inexpensive"  it is very difficult to use: hard to get can open.
does not have auto shut off which is a serious problem.
this came with a sticker that said made in china.  very disappointed and will be returning.
the description clearly states that this item is made in germany. however it is cheaply made in china
recived one filter not two as advertized.  i will not do transactions with this vender again.
the unit does not come with a bottle cover as advertized
amazon canceled my order  because it was no longer available so we went somewhere else and purchased the product.
it is too late to return this christmas gift. the machine does not work.this is really disappointing and unfair.
clogs constantly; messy always ; little control of grind.  in a word, terrible.
does not grind fine enough for espresso. messy. "number cup" button does not work.
i ordered this item and was disappointed with the quality of this product. &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;.
i do not like the grooves on the inside.  after a couple years, very hard to clean.
this seller is trying to give the impression there are six units at this price... there is only one.
stopped working after number days!!! just after the return window expired. how convenient!!!
this is the worst purchase i have ever made from amazon.it really does nothing to cool the room off.
not great air flow...very quiet....also cheap and plastic broke with in miutes of opeing the box!!!!!why?  why?
it worked great... until it stopped working about three months later.
no directions for use, and of course, you can purchase a book for recipes.
broke in number seconds after a burning smell in first use.
this is not the product i thought it would be and it is a total disapointment
this item was received dead on arrival.as in inoperative. i guess i could use it as a pitcher.
i had number of them in number month: they stop working: some disign flaw... with heater element
a coffee maker is not any good if you ca not get filters for it.
do not even consider this lowest end proiduct. the plastic smell while brewing ruins the coffee drinking experience.
i was very disappointed  with this item......all the knives rusted within a months time.
dull, cheap, not good quality at all, do not waste your money
i purchased this set and after number days several of the knives have begun to rust along the top.
omg,, this knife rusted on me after only number months of use.i would not recommend this at all...
the filter does not for in the pitcher well
not even as effective as a dustbuster.  very dissappointing.  returned for full refund.
it's tiny and does not provide any support and has no strength.
i bought this item because it said it came with number mugs but only came with one.
disaster. i have never seen such a low quality appliance.
this is a plastic, lightweight opener that does not easily remove a cork. we returned it.
dishes were broken. there is no one to contact. im not shipping back broken dishes
go ahead...i dare ya...just try and find a replacement battery for one of these things....
the battery dies in a matter of months.  shame on you, black and decker!!!!!
it does not suck up much dirt nor dust.also, it needs to be charged every few minutes.epic fail!
you would be better off buying a broom to clean your carpets than use this vacuum!  caveat emptor!!
the battery is way below standard, extremely disappointing. it's cheaper to buy another machine than to replace it.
my battery too dropped dead.  this is a defective product at the design level.
it worked once.  yes, i said once.  what a piece of junk!
noisy, but not powerful.had to order battery pack from e. coast.ca not find anyone to repair it.
after the battery gave out, i ordered another. first promise:number days; second: number days; third: number to number weeks.
too expensive, too little heat, unit quit after a year of intermittent use - i wo not buy vornado again.
the heater did not heat the area desired, it was like the heater was on the low setting constantly.
it's a fan only! not a heater!!!
i did not care for the cuisinart pizzelle press.  the cookies came out too small & too thick.
this is not a real pizzelle maker. get the villaware or cucinapro.they make a much better cookie.
i am disappointed in this. it sticks every time, even with non stick spray. i am not happy at all.
this piece does not make traditional pizzelles. get a villaware or cucinapro. they work better
item is $number.number - they want $number.number shipping - i do not think so...........no thank you
see the title - it says it all!
....buy this coffee maker. i have to throw my coffee in the microwave halfway through the first cup.
these pans collect water in the folded rims and emit a rusty soupy solution.ken
i purchased two and wish i did not even have one as the bacon even sticks to this product.
this is the worst pan i have ever owned. everything sticks, even with greasing it a bit. cheap pan!
pan weighs number lbs!  plus does not come out of base for washing.  too heavy.
this press barely can make a few cookies using only a few of the disks.  do not buy.
i bought one of these but returned it.  i could not get it open to fill it.
can you say..... c r a p?? if not, order this and you will learn how to!!
i just came back from pricing these exact bins at my local ace hardware home store... $number.number each.
arrived badly warped.  sent back.
it starts to leak after number weeks!!! for less price, you can buy one from wal-mart with better quality.
it leaks where the bottom is attached to the sides. junk at any price.
does not fit my pan. unfortunately, because of shipping costs do not make sense return it.
do not waste your money.  hoover needs to hire an engineer.leaks, clogs, breaks, etc.junk
world's first disposable food processor.use one time, then throw it away.
does not stick to my wall.. keeps falling down. and my wall is flat
it became black after i c
did not fit my machine.
used it for a year and today the lid melted on.  stink is horrible.  bad product reliability.
sells for about number.number everywhere
i got the filters with the bunn coffee pot and i got charged $number.number for shipping on the fillers.
cooffee pot is not a good one drips everywgeredelonghi dcnumberw twenty four seven drip coffee maker, white
popped only two bowls, then none.item not good
the presto popcorn popper:leaves too many of the seeds still unpopped.blows popcorn beyond our big bowl onto the floor.
this product came defective and overheating and sometimes on and sometimes not.i am trying to respond by the warranty.
regular
i did not even get through a jar of popcorn before it died. save your money. kenneth schwartzkopf
popcorn taste stale.. not good
this popper has no on/off switch which makes it dangerous. i returned it.
used less than number minutes.  quit.not worth the cost it'll take to return.
i have used these power cups for over number years.  they are perfect for the presto popper.  get them!
like very much  enjoy
did not chop evenly
crap
this thing broke on the very first use. total piece of crapola. do not buy this coffee grinder.
the bottom of this pot started to flake off.  i cannot use it anymore.  not worth the price.
to hard to work!! worst purchase ever!!!
terrible product.  will barely open a can.  i absolutely hate it!!!!
this can opener is so horrible, i started using my manual one until i find a suitable electric.
no knife sharpener of back.picture showed knife sharpener.very disapointed.am returning this item.
according to the description, the product has a knife sharpener. not true. i feel i have been misled.
i thnk that says it all ?
i sent it back. not happy with it.
just perfect.
wrong item was sent.  needed to return it
bought for bissell part number these belts were for and within two weeks (four uses) the first belt broke.
product description says it fits all the powerforce series vacuums, but it does not fit the powerforce compact.
not the part for the sweeper we have, but says it will fit
did not fit my vacuum
product was shipped without the air pump.  basically useless without it.  hopefully amazon will do the right thing.
do not buy stuff like this on-line unless you like broken plates.
where is my bowl?  no way to contact seller, so i put my question here?
everything sticks to this pan, everything stains it. it gives kitchenaid a bad name.
burns on one side of the waffles and raw on the other side.
almost impossible to clean. grid shelves cover the areas preventing easy cleaning of crumbs when door opens.no temperature control.
this vaccuum is useless: it looks like a toy, and is not powerful at all. avoid it.
my coffee maker went up in flames after about a year and a half.......beware!
what is the point of highly recommending a product only to be advised it is no longer available?
my last one (same model) was good.  this one, the auto shut-off just buzzes and does not shut off.
this died after ten minutes from overheating.  total waste of time and effort.  not to mention money.
numberrd time washing the pan it rusted over completely was in my opinion a waste of time
fry's bacon real good
too small to do anything with, amazon refunded my money.
not very good, numberst time i used it, it cracked from the bottom all the way up the side.
please tell me the point of putting plastic on something as wonderful as cast iron.
the fan motor did not work.  i am currently trying to find out how to return item.
had to return it two times because the casserole arrives broken.
this coffee pot broke after the first time i used it!  need i say more?
cartridge split
it took an act of congress to get this thing to stop leaking around the faucet head.
low cost, effective product - as advertised
i purchased this fan in late december.  it broke after one month of infrequent use.
please do not buy this product.i opened the package and switched it on and it did not work.
glass vacuum casing broke the first time i used it.  i ca not find a replacement anywhere.  not recommended.
takes forever to pump fluid out of this.  i returned this due to not very useful.
returned item, so nothing to say about it.like, really, nothing more to say about it.nothing. nothing at all...
simply put:  this is nothing but junk.  do not waste your money.
i am sure it is of use, but i ca not operate it.
it wo not stand up, wo not stay clipped on the shelf.
purchased this set and on the first use the non-stick finish, started peeling off.  not worth buying.
made in china and looks it, you get what you pay for.no great deal here.
if you want to waste money so please go ahead
this filter does not fit in the zojirushi ec-bdnumber fresh brew thermal carafe coffee maker.
this item arrived with a broken tank, and number week later quit making mist at all
i didnt like it it at all beceause it quit working after the number hour i had it
it works fine but it's misleading to say it's hoover when it's not.it's a no name brand.
direction of use would have helped. my system's probably slower, but guess at least it works.
can opener is truly a misnomer.  this things does not open cans. i ca not even give it one star
according to consumer reports tests, the sharper image ionic cleaners do not clean the air.
i was very upset with this product. it leaks and the warming plate peels. very poorly made. very unhappy!!!!
paid for product and never recieved item. amazon refuses to accept liability and refund my money!
i had been waiting for number months for this item. and was kept telling the shipment would be delayed.
poorly constructed, unstable when assembled.wood looks fake.very disappointing
these stain very easily and are very hard to clean. i would recommend going with a different set.
way too flimsy.  it feels like it is going to break in your hands.
kitchenaid used to be a respected name in kitchen tools, but they phoned this one in. flimsy. handle broke.
i have purchased three of these (slow learner) and the handle has broken on all three.
material is really cheap.this is not stainless steel, rather plastic material with a stainless steel finish.cannot recommend at all.
this started on fire when i used it. a piece of junk!
i bought this for my induction cooktop and it works great. quick delivery--amazon is the best!!
this is a pain in the behind to use. not worth the money... any money.
the hand blender is quite bulky and heavy, and really only useful for heavy blending, not liquids.
people can compromise your coffee maker and take over your computer as a result.  coffee is not worth that risk.
product had broken lid latch!same complaint by others.otherwise good product.
first used one in england,  good for so much more than just tea,  fast, reliable, easy to pour..
good size.  easy to use and clean.  no problems with this coffee maker.
we ca not get the poached eggs done right. either the whites are underdone or the yokes are overdone.
do not buy this. everything sticks.
i agree with the others,it has burned everything i have cooked.cooks way to fast..do not buy...
worked ok for about a year and just quit working---water heats, but does not work.  cheaply made
not good if you want to use it to remove stuff like hair in the carpet.
you get what you pay for. not a very good vacuum, even for quick pick-ups.
its a terrible product.i am returning this product, the cost savings is not worth the product safety for electronics.
not useful
the product description says "made in spain" which is why i bought it.  i am really disappointed!
bad product. it pops out of the pot, brand new. more to the point the pot is bad too.
the canister is very small, thus causes frequent stops to empty.just does not fulfill my expectations
this vacuum is too heavy for daily cleaning.  i wo not recommend it for anyone.
i had the same problem with no water coming out.  it's going back.
what a waste.  this does nothing, no power, no suction.  do not waste your money on this thing.
the suction was so bad..left the area wet...i had to return it. would not recommend it..
sprayer did not work right out of the box. i wo not buy another one.
did not fit my vacuum although it said it would via specs. mine is curved, this is not.
works well on wood floors and tile.  very difficult to move on carpet.  extremely loud
this unit has no power compared to the old platnum series the brush stops when you toutch it.
poor quality-would not take a charge-had to toss into garbage can!
cleaned the machine with vinegar before use.  the tea tastes like plastic when the brewing is finished.what a disappointment.
these beds come apart at the seams. do not waste your money!
$number.number shipping?  are you kidding?  this is an abuse of one-click customers.
great idea, but the bags are cheaply made and often just wo not seal.  wasted money and lots of frustration.
yep, previous viewer is right, they are waaaaaay overcharging on shipping hoping you do not notice - buyer beware!
waterprrof? yes. heatproof? yes. but hey are to stiff and awkward to use. i do not recommend.
one of the blades from the fan broke when the fan tipped over
pos. one of the fan makes a constant clicking sound.
i just use no more than one month, then it not working now.very poor quality, do not buy it
good concept but the fan broke after number days (burning smell), not worth the time to return or repair
unit died three days after return window closed with about a month of daily use.
when i plugged up my fan, one of the blades were not turning. such a disappointment.
this does not have a reverseable motor, nor does it have individual controls for each fan.
yeah, took a chance and sure enough, handle was broken when it arrived. dang, win some, loose some.
after number months parts wore out-basically became useless. i will definetely buy a different brand this time
i have not received this item - where is it?  when will it get here?sincerelyrickytroo@yahoo.com
we had it two. first one worked couple of years. second one less than one.waring pro mgnumber meat grinder
bought number set. worst knives i have come across. it's not sharp. i will never recommend this to anyone.
this item is continually out of stock and then one finally becomes available but i never receive it.  interesting!
it's heading out to the curbside after just a few months.an absolute waste of money, do not bother!
the idea of being able to determine the body fat percentage and wieght is great...too bad none is accurate.
i did not get all the parts neccesary to use this product, sorry ca not help you yet
no adapter comes with unit.  motor is only good for number hours.  do not buy this.  i was foolish.
number v adapter not readily available. not worth the money and  returned the item
not very user friendly.  would purchase a different item if i could do this over.
review what? there's nothing left. it's now a pile of junk in number pieces.  destination: the kearny dumps.
it is stainless steel item, but it rustsalso cutting is not that good.not a good product
i  bought this thermometer and it worked a few times. now it maxes out at number.
this was an out of the box failure.  i never knew room tempature was number degrees.
this thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent "hi" mode. what a ripoff!
it's called a tri-leg ironing board yet i see only two legs.
this cart makes me want to kill myself for buying it.  enough said.
do not buy this show rack!!!  it is cheaply made and flimsy!  horrible!!!
broken already. turned off after light use and wo not turn back on.
you are wasting your money buying this junk.  this doesn't even deserve one star.
it did not work and the customer service is non-existant
this nonstick bread loaf pan is not nonstick, save your money and stick with your metal pans.
received this set yesterday, it is the cheapest, lightest,made in china junk i have ever seen!
where's my stuff? who can write a review when you don't mail what was ordered and charged?
this pot is worthless, the coating inside wore off in such a short time, it is made too cheaply.
it is made of very thin metal which got wrapped during regular cooking
this item quit working after about eight months' of normal use. not recommended.
we had to return this item for a refund. it arrived and never worked.
does not hold charge, slow, motor conked out with the very first batch of cookies. piece of junk!
waring pro wmknumber belgian waffle maker, brushed stainlesswe cooked on new machine one time, has not worked since.
the rice cooker time takes to long
received incorrect itemproduct of china, a true zojurushi made bye japan not china.that's why it's have low cost
why do i have to freeze ice to make shaved ice.  the description was not that good...
you cannot take this thing apart to clean it properly. as a result =mold. the end.
the first one i received was cracked.  the replacement leaks from the on/off valve. what a sorry product!
it is too bad product, i bought this item number months ago and now it is not working
they break easily --- i would give them zero stars but you have to select at least one
low quailty drawers do not fit/pieces missing/garabage/do not waste your money.i boxed mine up and sent it back.
i dont know how it works since amazon cant come up with the part it goes for!
they make it sound like the mini coca cola cooler needs this adapter to fully function, but you do not!!
two out of the set of four cracked on the side...and i do not know why...
very bad quality, not worth to buy it.it is not as good as the picture. do not buy it!!!
i never rec would the number inch platter.  they kept sending me dessert plates by mistake
$number for shipping on number glasses?  go to target and buy direct -- save number%
the worst company ever filing a chargeback on credit card died in the first week.
is not available a switch for stream!  is a cappuccino maker? no, just a coffee maker. is a fake!
never worked
the display went out on mine also. i will not by a sharp product again.
just read the other number-star reviews.  i wo not bother retyping what they already say.
i ordered this product a month ago and have yet to receive it. what's the problem?
bad product, not complete... dont buy!!!
stopped working after number months.
lasted less than one year. what a piece of crayon!
it just does not work. i do not know if it's a bad product or the battary's problem.
the thermometer fell into a sink full of water and flooded.  it is definately not waterproof.
i bought two and neither one will hold a seal more than  a day.  do not waste your money.
i recently bought this set and, rust spot came on some of the knives very soon.
unless you want broken glass in a box because that's what i received.amazon did refund my money promptly though.
do not crush ice with it or it will break!  the motor will work but the blades wo not turn.  junk.
and its hard to fill with water..... then the carafe spills while pouring.what a joke.do not buy !
the water is only heated lukewarn to the point that coffee is noticeably weaker than other coffee makers.ca not recommend.
the ring around the stainless carafe leaks, making a big mess when pouring. it also makes so-so coffee.
coffee is tepid; not warm enough at all.  taste is awful! the design and funtions are o.k though.
i have contacted the person i bought it from wo no avail no contact on word from them.pat
toastes very unevenly. one side good the other nothing.like the bagal option.my old b & d was much better.
i purchased this grinder after christmas of number.  i have used it maybe five times.  it died this morning.
worked number times and then totally broke.  working = leaving big chunks of beans in the ground coffee.
used it twice, third time ran a couple seconds and died.  need i say more.
it worked, then it broke during its second week. will not be buying it again.
motor burned out. did not last a month under light use. did not grind evenly. an awful product.
these liners were thin and flimsy.
sorry that i did not read reviews first.  this is a piece of junk.
this is the biggest piece of garbage that i ever bought!!!this thing would not grate butter!!!!
this scale was doa.  it did not work out of the box.  i had to return it right away.
just a warning - these canisters are actually a deep hunter green.  i was very disappointed and returned them.
this was supposed to be a number cup & it is only numbercup, other than that it's very nice.
it was hard to clean and use.  i ended up throwing it away after one week.  hated it...
the water filter falls out easily. be extra careful or buy something else.this should bring a little disappointed.
the pitcher has a crack only after number month of household usage, what a cheap product!!!i am so disappointed!
it is broken
this product is big, bulky, leaks all over the place from the back, would never buy another one.
lasted about number months.  now rip at the local dump!
worked about number minutes shut off and never came  back on.home touch ps-number perfect steam commercial garment steamer
this machine slung sugar all over the kitchen and made very little cotton candy.  would not recommend this product.
not for turkish coffee.  does not grind the beans fine enough for turkish.
do not pay iti pay some coffee to try it it just does not workthe need more words and then
item recieved and would not work (pump water). however, return process has seemed easy so far.
bad quality, on/off switch and plastic ring broken after number year.
leaking after number-month occasional usage. $number.oo of a waste. unprofessional customer service.---very disappointed.
these are lame.  one side melts instantly on contact with a hot pan.  skip it.
these lever caps lasted all of about two months before they broke.  do not waste your money!
do not botherit is a piece of crapthe whole review thing is a farceshows it as genuineit is not
it broke the first time i tried to use it.  the corkskrew detatched from the handle.  very shoddy product.
when you push down it pushes the cork through.
did not work for my shop vac, now it lives in a box in the basement.
it crushed cans great but plastic broke after third use.  so save your money
like others, the plastic handle broke quickly rendering the thing useless.  hmmm, i wonder if i can recycle it???
i had great difficulty using this opener and it broke after number months of use.
received, put the number gallon water in, leaks!end of story.
the glass tray cracked in when used for just number days.do not buy this productlow price poor quality
the first unit arrived broken. the replacement unit arrived broken. the third unit arrived broken!
product arrived doa. went thru warranty exchange with haier. still have not received replacement.never again.
terrible...
i ordered a set more than number months ago from amazon - still waiting!
looks great on my keychain.it arrived shortly after i bought it. packaging was nice.just wont open most bottles.
many communications of request pick up. no response from amazon or ritz. please follow through.
i can go to bb&b and get a number piece place setting for a little over $number.number
very cheap and thin glass.  am returning them.  i have many spode glasses, and these are poor quality.
this product was not as advertised, but when returned we could only get amazon credit, no refund.  very disappointed.
i ordered this and it arrived broken and was very poorly packed.  a disappointment would be putting it lightly.
do not buy it!if you are looking for a cheap replica - than go ahead!
used four times...went dead. out of warrantyno help from the manufacturer.....nonesave your money.  four more words not needed
do not get this unless you really do not want lavendar. it is a yucky off-white, pukey color.
do you want wide mouth lids or standard lids? the ad does not say which is which. ask questions.
expensive, ordinary, not dish-washer safe.  this is not the cutting board you are looking for.
two things are missing from box.
does not work on glass cooktop, nothing in descriptions anywhere about this problem, i returned it.
randumbly works. may stop for no reason. cannot be fixed. dead at the gate. get anything else.alarm is so-so.
failed due to "no op" in under number weeks.
i have nothing more to add.  mine broke too.don't buy !!!
i have owned two of these and they both broke after about number months.  a total garbage product.
same as others. i bought and replaced number units. all failed within number months. stay away.
this rival can opener is useless. tips over while opening cans. drops cans when nere opened.
broke after number uses there was a burning smell from motor
this little guy makes a lot of noise.  blows a lot of air but just not for me.
i have not received the knife yet.  you have my money.  do something about this failure.herb meyer
i agree, this heater ssssllloowwwly warms the room.i am still sitting here freezing my buns off!!
i returned the item as some plates were damaged. the set was made in columbia. did not reorder.
very poor quality.  every piece was smudged or blurred.  the set i received was made in columbia.
this item is not madie in england.  this item is made is malaysia.
stopped working after only using a couple of times.  blades do not fit into storage compartment.  would not recommend!!!!!!!!!
we had exactly the same experience as the prior poster- cracked in half on it's second use.
unit is advertised as number quart............what arrived is number quart, and much too small for my purposes.
i purchased three travel mugs two out of the three leaked.
the tray is cheap plastic!  it is definitely inferior to the dishes.  do not waste your money.
fine small kettle, but the handle gets very hot, too hot to handle and the top does not really whistle.
poor design,.......handle opening is not high enough resulting in burned knuckles.also poorly balanced, hard to handle.
after number number/number years the copper bottom deformed from heat beyond usage. otherwise good teakettle
clock has not arrived yet, even though it was ordered  feb.numbernd
did not need to open the box to realize dishes were broken.  returned and currently waiting on refund.
this coffee pot is similiar to the faberware but it is a cheap made in china replacement.
coffee did not perk very good and coffee grounds in the coffee.
this was a very cheap product it broke the first time i used it !!!!! do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!chris fox
the spoon split up the middle. i only hand washed it, but it still split. i am not happy.
we always hand wash our wooden spoons.  the bowl of the spoon split after just a a few months.
way too flexible, winds up spattering food everywhere, and the plastic warped after the second use.
difficult to hold, clean and use.  would have preferred two more grating wheels.  impossible to take apart and clean.
way off target. said number degrees when in reality it was almost number. doesnt work.
first time it was washed it filled up with water... never worked right again!!!  stay away
i did the same test with boiling water. instead of number, it registers number. absolute piece of crap.
three simple words...don't do it!
it drips off small fabric.  the color is not even thru out the surface.  bad experience.
why is the moroccan red shown to be purchased and is not listed, not even an "not available"?
i love this spoon rest but i received it broken. now i have to glue it back.
this pillow would fit you if you like big and not soft.  neckaches galore....thought this would be softer........disappointed
ordered it in october, now it's january numberth!i give up!
piece of crap, it bent the first time i used it..
the ikea french press is $number.number and the glass beaker fits into the bodum perfectly! that is all...
the capacity of this beaker is number ounces (number cups), not number cups (number ounces).
why are these filters so expensive? chemex's own web site offers these filters for $number.number per box of number.
the coffee brewed with these filters has a paper taste. these filters are not recommended.
there was something wrong it - as other reviewers said, it kept leaking!
i gave this a one star because its not what i was looking for.i did not even use the product
old
poor quality, too thin...i ordered the round stick on accident, my bad, but the product description does not specify!
handle way too short. size of spatula rubber was good but handle falls short of expectations very disappointed
like many reviewers before me,,, after a few uses the temperature readout stopped working and aways reads lo...
this was ordered before christmas and it is now january number and i still have not received it.
super thin material, over half broke while tying.  in addition they are short, so protection is minimal.
dear customer service,i still have not received this product.  when can i expect to receive it?lea deandrea
unfortunately it was the worst product i have bought at amazon.it broke on first use. choose another one.
while a great idea for sun-tea. the spigot leaked all over our fridge. save your money.
get the epica stainless steel electric juicer. it is much better and way less expensive.waste of money-sent mine back.
not stated that it only fits number qt. bowls.ca not be adjustedwould not recomend it to anybody to buy
they crack and stop sealing after a short time.  they would not honor the warranty
after only two years, the buttons failed. this microwave is totally useless, since i ca not turn it on.
not a very high-quality product. had it just a few weeks--already &#number;bending&#number; and more scuffed than it should be.
buy the nordic ware.i did and it's great.it's worth buying the usaproduct.  i sent this product back.
it was back ordered and i  have not yet received the item
if your cake is too deep for a toothpick, use a thin knife.this is an excellent example of wastefulness
this is a piece of garbage
item came shattered in a bazillion pieces (conservative estimate).
bad quality product. i would not buy again this. it's useless.bad quality product. i would not buy again this. it's useless.
disappointed there is only one available. not buying it.would have been a great addition to my extensive set. shame.
cheap crap!
after first use, could not zero the scale.did not work for me
all the markings are gone less than a year after purchase. would not recommend. will not purchase again.
handle gets hot in microwave and the pour spout is horrible
waste of money, did not work at all.
there is nothing so satisfying as paying $number to replace a brittle carafe for a $number coffee maker.
buying direct from cuisinart, this carafe costs twenty bucks with free shipping.amazon is unfair.
took me half an hour and a pint of sweat to grind number lbs of hamburg............
when the corningware came, it was broken.  it was very poorly packed by macy's.
every egg you use is one shredded chick.every omelet approximately number-number shredded chicks.do you really like doing that ?[...]
too cheap
i had no idea that the sizes were different. this is too small for a black & decker.
broke after first use.
this thermometer was so disappointing.it only lasted for about a month and it broke!  so very disappointing.  : (
these curled so much they are completly unusable. a waste of money. i recommend you avoid these.
junk - i bought number, and only one works.  it has only been a couple of months...
i purchased this product because it is advertised as having measurements listed on the glass.  it does not.
one of the shakers came broken.  i do not have the time to hassle with sending it back.
works really great. gave it a poor rating because the price at a local walmart was much lower.
this timer is listed twice.  the other listing has more negative reviews.  check them both before buying.
i tried this product twice.  each time the product was unlevel (warped).  what a disappointment.
i received this waffler maker for christmas and after one year it just stop working.
it was a gift and very  well received. it was described as an excellentt gift.
once that plastic part breaks  ... its over.i can not find a replacement part for it.otherwise nice can opener.
we had to have this reshipped. the clear plastic is way too brittle.  it arrived shattered in numerous pieces.
after afew months the wheels keep falling off and all the screws are coming out. stay away.
this thing is so flimsy and poorly made it cracked inserting one of the rods. enough said.
this is really shoddy. one rod broke after the drying being used less than one month. bad quality.
i expected sturdy, canvas covered shelves and what i got were slippery, saggy plastic shelves and sent it back.
i am not too happy with this purchase because i di not get what i ordered
pockets too small and tightnice that it is double sided and all butnot very useful for larger items.
large piece of the stone broke off while in the oven during it's second use!
i thought the stoppers had the pump built into the stoppers. without the pump its kinda worthless.
like the previous reviewers.  this merchant has the most pathetic customer service!
too bad!amazon and henckels cheat mei delivered another henckels twin signature number-piece block setnumberin, numberin, numberin, numberin, scissors, sharpening
the product was defective after two uses.  we returned it for a full refund.
its life is only number weeks, one of the worst rice cooker.
it feels cheap and bends under the weight of the full toddy maker.it's less than useless.
ordered from walmart.  arrived badly damaged twice.  numberrd one worked well, just died after number.number years.
i cannot seem to find the right size for a wide ironing board cover.  this one barely fits.
thin and thin padding on this ironing board cover.i had to add my own padding with towels to compensate
i expected this glasses to be much bigger.  have never used them as a result.
these are the smallest water glasses i have ever seen.  should have read the last review, he was right!
it's supposed to have a number" diam, but is way narrow for my gaggia.
this tamper is big, and heavy too.this is not a good choice for an ordinary espresso machine.
there is no seal so the cookies get stale right away.
after one use the non stick teflon started to peel off in big pieces  an absolute waste of money
this item turned to rust after the first use.  i do not recommend this product.
trying to chill a bottle of wine or champagne did not work successfullywould not recommend it.  sorry about that
it needs to held with one hand because it releases when the motor starts whether blade or disc.
blade description stated that it was compatible with kfpnumberwh modesl; not so-wrong size and shape
i never got it....i am still waiting for it. it was suppose to be here by the numberth of march.......
i was sent the wrong item but everything was taken care of promptly.
bought this and by the numberrd time - the non-stick stuff started coming off.you get what you pay for
within number minutes of our first use the attachment cracked and burned us.
steam runs out in minutes... it does not clean...  i put it in the garage sell items.
not very good!
too flimsy and came slightly bent
the ad said oblong not oblong/rectangular so i was not happy.i wonted oblong.  i will make it work somehow.
did not fit anything i had, was totally useless, it's been sitting in my drawer mostly unused for two years.
the fit was great, however they became useless after just a few washes.  sandpaper is what comes to mind.
received damaged.  to much trouble to return very small pan not the size stated.
after just a short amount of usage the shelves begin to 'lean'. the design is poor. cheap metal threads.
just the right size.high quality.fantastic unique etching.these are a fun set of glasses.
the handle cracked within the first two weeks.  the blade is flimsy and already dull.  what a disappointment.
died within number minutes... refuse to reset no matter what... just returned it.
this item is a waste of time, money and aa batteries.unless you are fanatic about foam....forget it!
received the product timely but it was of poor quality (plastic) and did not perform at all.
there is a crack in the stone, and i have only used it twice.  i do not recommend this product.
ordered three. all were cracked.
i made lasagne, put it in the oven at number degrees and the dish completely cracked in half.
not good for home use.
it does not cut the pizza at all. you have to apply a lot of pressure to cut the pizza.
the step on thing allows small children's toes to get caught in it!very dangerous if you have small children!
still waiting for this,submitted this in mid june>>>>>>>>>>>>>>.
it cracked in half the first time that i used it.  i cured it twice before i used it.
do not buy this!!!!!!! i repeat do not buy this!!!!!!!! faulty welds leak and horrible smell chemically toxic.
dont buy them.they get dull after a while while they say they last forever... yeah right!
unless you sit right next to it, you do not feel any heat whatsoever. returned it immediately.
i bought this kettle and loved it until it just died after only three months.
the item is large and does not look good. its first speed is way too powerful and too noisy.
the vacuum seems cheaply built and does not have a lot of suctioni would not recommend it
i rec would the filter, but not the plastic part the filter sits in.  got a partial refund, but still...annoying.
it did not work. i bought one of the vacuum wine preservers and it works well.
it broke down.-its all made inside of plastic so when you screw it, it falls apart in to pieces
this was great when i first got it.  unfortunately, it would not tighten after only number weeks.
bought a set of two. they lasted two months before the mechanismwent bad  and no longer sealed the bottle.
the concept seemed good, but the space inside is so small it's really not practical.
this is just a bowl with a heater. it is my biggest mistake of my life buying this s***
would not buy.  very loud!
noisy and leaked all over brand new carpet! guess you get what you pay for!
we turned it on and it leaked out all over the carpeting!  we sent it back the next day!
the knife is dull.  it was not useful in deboning number chicken breasts i was preparing for canning.very disappointing!
maybe its because my bras are not that big, but they fold in on themselves in this thing.  boo.
will not work very well for larger molded cup bras,,,,number dd, numberd,,,,,,this will crush them a bit.
set up as directed.broke the same day.plastic pieces broke.i would not buy again.not worth the price.
i would rate average for its stand but the clothing material on it is below average.
i used this junk just once!never buy this ...!why they even make this item?!i am really disappointed!
the step part of the can broke within the first month. bummer.
do not buy...thin rubber that does not stay flat on countertop.edge keep curly up and hold water.bad design
did not like this board at all. sent it back. it's cheap looking, would not fit into my kitchen decor.maryann
i was hoping to get something sturdy but this is something horrible.do not waist your time and money for this!
the safety pin bent on all the stools. not operational.what is the warranty on this product?work number number-number
they are as dull as rock. the only thing good about this set is the stylish block itself.
i purchased these and number of the large plates broke during shipping.  so much for being unbreakable.
nice pattern, but you cannot find the glasses that go with it.
after receiving this item, it only worked for two weeks.  i would give it no stars if i could.
just received the e-mail that they do not have this item even though it says it ships in number-number days.
not very happy,sent the wrong model. not able to supply me with the one i wanted!!!!
i am very disappointed because some pieces was broked . i never will buy a product of this type.
complete waste of money. water tasted like plastic, dispenced too slowly. hated it.
need to send this back.  these are like toys.  very impractical. very inferior for the price.  very disappointed.
this item leaks, not from the gasket, but from the bearing surface. i would certainly buy a different brand.patrick
i purchased mine december number, number.  by march the motor stopped.  total waste of money...
do not buy thisthe pockets had either no stitching to hold them togetheror crookedly sewn stitches that slipped right out
these are cheap chinese bags.  buy the swiss made that block number.number% instead of number& for a buck more.
i was sent the wrong cookie cutter!they sent me a moose head, not a bat!i was very disappointed.
these cutters are much smaller than they look in the picture on the web site.  i am very disappointed.
leak like hell, garbage
this scoop broke the first time i used it. it is a great size, but not durable at all.
product is very poor quality.  tines bend, and do not hold.  would not buy again.
it arrived broken and cracked. i ca not use it. not worth the effort to return it.poor packaging.sorryrhonda
this is a cheap product made of tin or cheap metal. i do not recommend this product anyone.
butter got rancid and kept falling out of bowl and into water.not very adequate directions!not happy with product.
junk will not pump after only a few uses,
it is not "made in usa".  it is made in china.
i bought this three months ago.  initially it worked great but after a few uses it split in half.
i could have made these myself.
don't buy it if you don't want to spend time to return to the store.
received item without instructions.
i found the good grip would not stick to the sides of the refrigerator or freezer as they advertised
the oscillating gear is made of cheap plastic and stripped out in less than number hours of running.
love it! does a great job making salad.
wasted money.  could have purchased a piece of stone from home depot for the same effect, and less cash.
afraid i would hurt myself trying to use it, returned it after i tried it twice.
bent and usable!!!.  return shipping too expensive.  i am stuck with it.
waste of money - uncomfortable, does a very poor job. you are better off without it.
this crepe spreader is too expensive for $number. you can buy one for $number.number in any cook store.
great picture ,this poster tells the whole story and shows the feelings of all vietnam vets.
the glass is very thin.  it was broke when i received it.  sent it back for a refund.
mine broke in number months.  it switches off by itself before the water gets boiled.
bought this kettle which worked well for three months and then stopped working. will not recommend it.
as of july numberth, have not received item!  contacted vendor, no estim. del date
light didnt turn off, mirror wouldnt stick on shower wall, and mirror became foggy!!
it works for a week.we should start a class action lawsuit against zadro.
i would not purchase this product.  it developed a leak after two weeks of use.
item was improperly packed for shipment.item arrived broken and caused injury(cuts on hands and fingers) during opening.
i washed it before using but it still caught on fire during it's first use.my house is okay thou.
the coffee maker would not turn on and started to leak when we first put water in the tank.
quit working entirely within number weeks of purchase, probably made number pots of coffee before it stopped.
it's made of plastic and flexes under the weight of mugs.  a poor design.
i bought this and found it a week later at target for less then number/number the price
flooded the counter several times in the first week. sent it right back.
awful...returned it got another one...same thing.  leaks, leaks leaks.
after overflowing for the numberth time all over my counter, i threw it away.  my suggestion: anything else.
this coffeemaker is of low quality, poor construction, cheaply made.will not likely purchase any cuisinart products in the future.
the salter high capacity mechanical kitchen scale arrived broken was very cheap and made of plastic.
very unhappy about the product. i hate it. it doesn't work well at all. don't buy it
poor job slicing.gave it away.
i gave this as a christmas gift to my daughter.  she later told me that the product was defective.
so small!  could not even use them for my plates :(
its fair and not lot juice drink
this cannot be cleaned! just terrible!
zipper broke instantly off number of the number bags
it collapses from instability.  we are having a carpenter make a more stable ones with wider base.edward r. smith
it broke into pieces when i tried to assemble.
the virtually unbreakable plastic broke right in half as we tried to put it together.
maybe it is good for something but for opening screw top water bottles, it is completely useless.
this product is uselessdoes not work at all.will not open a bottle of water.it slips and does nothing.
nice colors but scratch and cut when knife is used on then,forget cleavers as they will shatter
not as show in the picture. the lid i received it's very thin and not made in the us.
do not waste your money on this. the side bar holders would not stay up or straight on it.
promising but... no dimensions. no buywith a better ad, i might have been a customer.  just my personal suggestion
nice idea but it broke after one use.  polder makes a better one.  so does sharper image.
worked brilliantly, but only once.  the probe burned out after only one use.
worked fine - then it simply stopped.  seriously - it just stopped working.
cereal got stale quickly : (
too big, could not find where to put it in the kitchen. it would not fit anywhere, so i returned it.
great idea, did not work on my washer
i was unhappy with this product. it was not what i expected and i returned.
this blade will not do anything to ice but look at it.thought it would make milkshakes... it does not
$number.number for shipping this?i am so sick of getting ripped off on shipping charges.
this is way over priced, i can get a much better one elsewhere.
this coffee mug did not keep the coffee hot.  i would not make the same purchase again.
this mug is great for about a month, then it leaks everywhere.  buy something else.
no spills and nice looking but coffee gets cold very very fast.  very disappointed.
the photo shows a whole box of jars, but they are only selling one.  do not be fooled by these jokers.
my husband is complaining that they are scratchy and he's right. they are not comfortable even after number washings.
not as shown online
coffee pot works great, keeps coffee hot.  however, it overflows.
the center shaft is not stainless steel. it rusts and binds up in the bushing.it will no longer turn.
returned it.  overpriced, burns the food and didnt work half the time it was plugged in
i had one for number yrs with no problem, this one did not work right out of the box.
terrible for espresso and the grinder went dead in a year!back to a krups i go!
this relatively expensive quisinart product had a short life; replaced it with a kitchenaid grinder at half the price.
unusable for espresso or turkish brew - the finest settings produces very coarse grind, unacceptable
motor burned out after number months of home use. made a mess with each grind.
this product shows two molds, but arrived only one mold.the picture is misleading.the seller is dishonest.
picture shows two molds. but only one comes. very misleading. will not buy anything from this seller any more!!!!
it was not what i thought it would be cooking wise. timer gave out quickly
i received just the holder without coster!!
tefoln inside peeled and floated all around the food. would not recommed this item. tefal would not replace it
this item worked fine for two weeks and then died.  am returning for full refund
i could not tell any difference in the degree of sharpness on the knives before use and after use..
the temp. got stuck on  the high reading.  it will not correct. trash
actual gasket dimensions: ~numbermm id  ~numbermmodbormioli rocco fido rubber gaskets (number pack)
melted as soon as it touched the heat. i was just making pancakes.
melted pretty much as soon as it touched the heat.
this is not the quality of calphalon pans. i would give it no stars if that rating was available.
i agree with everybody its really  a useless product..very weakly built..just fell apart while i was using.
after number washings, these towels still shed like a mother. grrr!
please see my review on the martex egyptian washcloths, burgundy.
terrible quality...thin, poor dye.  fading despite careful washing.not at all as advertised.
please see my review of the martex egyptian washcloths, burgundy.
not well polished. be careful when you hold it with your bare hands...it would leave leave you with splinters.
its a big fan. does not cool. i had to return it. lost money. boo!
had to buy another brand after one month of use .&#number;br /&#number;&#number;br /&#number;
the polymer handles are cracking even on knives that do not get used
when the latch hook arrived, i had to glue a piece together.it is not worth it!
cheaply made and looks cheap.  not worth even the economical price.  save yourself the trouble and go more upscale.
string does not lock in place. does not support clothes. garbage ! save your money..
two bowls broke on arrival. to much trouble to send the whole thing back. poorly packed
not worth saving a few bucks. go with an ipad.
ipod numberg/number.numberg do not support lin in microphones!!!!!!do not buy unless you have a numberg numbergb
these worked ok for a while, then they died.  reset button and repeated attempts to connect failed.not recommended.
dont waste the money.used multiple times on two different units, did nothing to either......don't bother.
the item served its use; however not the quality i thought it was priced at.
i used once.  very bad quality.  i bought a manfrotto tripod.  i love it.
buy sony or tdk.  these are made cheaply.
i would avoid this compact flash card--  i have gone thru two, both which proved to be defective.
kb gear has gone out of business!!  does not work with xp and never will.
the belkin usb cord i received did not work, but amazons great customer service took care of my refund promptly.
the filter arrived unopened but was totally useless, it was damage with fungi
it seems like the glass filter moves around.  is it suppose to do this?
tiffen filters use cheap, optically low-grade "green" glass.  get a hoya uv filter.  it's only $number more.
make sure you know the size before you buy. i apparently didn't. this is probably a great filter!
ca not be used while shooting- it flares.useless filter. very surprising tiffen would put their name on something like this.
i ordered this item some time ago-was chargesd for it and havenever received it.
went corrupt and i lost very important pictures.  do not take the chance with viking compactflash cards
not that great..the wireless reception is substandard and it wont compare to any sennheiser on the market.go try sennheiser
was not on cox cable compatable list and never got my money back for it...
as other reviewers have discussed here, this thing is absolutely worthless. junk, pure and simple.
this kit might contain a discontinued knumber charger and batteries.  mine did  ;-(
save your money.  i have been through number plantronics headsets over the past year.  they are &quot;very&quot; easy to break.
i was unable to get the device to work.  i am returning it for a competing model.
not the aspect ratio of widescreen. it is not wide enough for your number&#number; elitebook.
it came busted. very disappointing. the first time that amazon did this to me. i did not bother returning it.
can only store about number meg then it will claim that storage is full. waiting for a replacement now.
i do not know what is wrong.  this mouse is jittery and difficult to control.  back it went.
did not work for stereo adapter.
i am sorry to report this product leaves streaks and considerable lint.not recommended!!!!!!!!!!!
this thing worked for number days after i bought it...stone age and not worth the money.
i noticed no difference with this card as oppose to linksys or netgear numbermbps wireless card.
i installed this on my mac duel gnumber tower. it worked randomly for about number weeks.
keys started failing after about number months, and some of the key markings rubbed off too.  not recommended.
the markers were dried up, but i was given an immediate refund, so i am happy about that.
the product picture and part number match, but they together do not math the description.
and it costs number times more. lesson learned. dont be fooled by silver, its just silver dye.
i intend to replace them with some speakers that shound good quite soon.
buy only compact flash compatible products.after your camera dies your memory will live on with other compact flash products.
i wanted to connect my cable box hdmi out to my 'vga input only' aoc monitor.it did not work.
this router seems to have a range of about number feet. seriously. i recommend the similar smc wireless router.
great idea...poor build.it lasted number months and then died...
the thing is cheaper at the circuit city website. that's all i have to say about it.
keeps falling off my camera.  not like the original.
you ca not plug two of these in side-by-side, the plastic surrounding the business ends are too fat.
the first lens out of plastic bag can not be used.  dust blocks light.  how dirty can you get?
worked fine, just not for very long.
not a favorite.  i have gone back to the over-ear unit i was using prior to this purchase.
i am a petite person (number' number") and the headphones did not fit on my ears at all.
it is not working, i have tried changing the batteries but nothing, zippo. made in china.
ordered from eforcitybattery was not brand advertised nor numbermah  cheap knock-off
i got error number on my numberd  with this card. returning it.
unable to repair the simplest scratch for repair. bad cleaning job. repaired nothing. avoid this.
unit worked great for number weeks then video output failed.
died after a year, had to constantly reboot to reconnect.  netgear support validated this but would not help.
does not work, it's a waste of money.
these headphones are horrible!!!!!!my ears are hurting after five minutes of using the headphones.not worth the $$
there is no difference, also produce noise.
it is not the advertised product
this older version does not work with comcast internet.
only the older broadcom based ones are worth dealing with since you can put custom firmware on them.
used the first week then stopped.  not a good fit and not impressed by the sound quality.
i have bought several, they break after only a few weeks no matter how careful you are with them.
sent this bag back it was too small for just the tripod not counting the head.
you can get a near equal quality one for around five bucks (including shipping) on sites like meritline.
gain controls broke immediately upon turning them. totally useless
drops connection all the time. and this is a known bug .... sigh.
burnt out the second i plugged it into the number/number outlet. what a waste of money.
this media did not work on my brand new asus burner, even after updating the firmware.
stopped working after number months - that ca not be good.  seems like others have had the same problem.
another fake kvm product. they refuse to ship to any address in the usa.
the light still goes on, but my computers no longer see the device. $number down the toilet.
smoked after number months - not worth $number, let alone the $number i paid for it.
a pure piece of junk!!! do not waste your money here!!!
total junk
the one i rteceived was defective and i returned it. decided to order a different brand.
do not buy this if you using windows number. the sunmapls_ip_ebp_number error will kill you.
tossed it after first use. it may have removed one or two hairs at the most.
the cable works fine but it is twisted inside the plastic tube. seems to be sloppy production.
do not waist your time. this wo not fit the xps gen number laptop... bought it and return it same day...
it's range is poor even with direct line of sight.
it was having this small little glitches from the beginning and it stopped working after few days completely.
just wont work no matter what you do..have tried everything just wont workso please return my moneythank you..
do not buy this modem. constantly drops the wireless connection. read the other reviews about the connectivity problems.
has to be reset number to number times a day on average just loses connection.  very disapointing!!
good news ..very comfortable on earsbad news..not  loud enough.maybe spend a little more and get higher quality headphones
wrong order
it's a skinny cable and sure does not look like a gold connection. was too inexpensive to bother returning.
number-pin end number/number" too short; this is obviously a factory second.  you get what you pay for.
this thing has poor instructions. never could get it to work. finally gave it away.
mine did not work right out of the box.  simple tech promised to exchange it for another.
this netgear print server does not work with the canon fnumber.
i have not got the wireless part to work.  i put in a password but router wo not recoginize it.
is very neet item especiatlly since it is usable with number:number speed as well as number.
i do not recommend this ones, because it does not give a good volume on your receiver.
this is the worst fm modulator i have used and owned. soundsworst than fm radio on the radio.
i cannot close the battery cover ! belt clip must be used.it is brand new.
wont work in my housestatic and hissbought the rca for numberbucksno hiss no static works well in my house
returned
worked for number hours, then just stopped transmitting. what a waste of cash. do not buy this.
useless  for me.
camera is heavy.  after one year the screen was broken.  canon brand is trash.
on arrival, this thing only put out red signals.  only has a dvi output, not hdmi.  buyer beware!
product left a nasty gunge film on the sensor. camera now needs to be cleaned professionally.
it did work for a while, then stop working.computer does not recognize it.i am going to return it.
bought this mouse about fews months ago and it already dead. not a good mouse.
returned them, were not what i needed.
these earbuds are incredible , in regard to the sound, but they  last around a month....so they are worthless
i found this product very difficult to install. seems to not work with my cable modem.
nobody makes mpnumber type players with the quality apple does, save your money and get an ipod.
connector fell off while attaching to the wall for the first time.useless.
then buy these ridata discs
wanted to play sony dsc-mnumber mpegnumber movies.  but audio is blank.  crap!
it's probably great if it works.  but it did not.  leastways, not with my network and windows vista.
the light is brite, but the arm is too short and will not stay up when bent into position.
this item is not bright enough and does not stay put, but falls to keyboard.
audio cut in and out continuously even after using multiple cable combinations. would not recommend this product
the first five disks i tried did not work. the sixth one worked and none since!!!!
do not work. no info on what might be wrong. unfortunatly, ca not return. bummer, a $number piece of plastic waste.
speakers were delivered and one woiuld not turn on.  poor quality control.
bought number bec of the price, neither worked. what i can say? i knew it was cheap.
this light is too week and still can not see the leybard. don;t waste your time on this.
power was very weak. had to buy another name brand with same specs.
wires missing from mine had number buy number from a stereo shop
didnt work at all junk
cheap piece of junk.  it flickers and is very, very dim.  do not waste your money on this pos.
this was the wrong type for my use.
i have this product and it will not work with the vista on my new desktop.
i bought two of these things from f.y.e and were both non-functional by number months. complete waste of money.
ok while it lasted.  however this cord stopped working after two months.  save your money -- this is junk.
cheap, and i thought i was just getting a good deal...cheap, very cheap worked once.
we ordered three of these to connect laptops to a hub.  all three failed to work.
this cable turned out to be useless for me since it is number-pin, and my devices need number-pin
purchased number - both fail to work correctly. ends are mismanufactured and do not align fiber-optic  correctly
worked ok for a while, then started having little problems, then died.  buy a real brand.  this is junk.
never could get this thing to work so i ca not give it anything but a single star.
my ear hurts while wearing this . cant wear it for a long time . do not buy it ...
this module did not work with my hp pavillion zvnumberdn laptop.  the laptop froze up and would not boot.
this item was advertised to be ready boost compatible.i bought, try it and it is not.
i have gotten better results with sterlingtek batteries for a fraction of the price...like less the $number shipped.
i recommend the charger from radio shack only $number.
fry's has a similar one in the headset department for $number
this didnt work on my windows.  probably because they are old and dont slide like normal windows.
always locks up.  response time is ridiculous.  only upside is that it came with an hdmi cable.
these are totally worthless, they do not cancel beans and i am sending them back.
expecting a card reader that would read cf cards - this one does not - missed the fine print
the tip of the wand came off after a few days use making it inoperable.
come on, nikon, just supply it with the grip. the asking price is a joke.
i hate this unit.  too complex!  it works if you can figure out how to set it up!
seagate's "fix" does not work well with drobo formatted drives.it does not recognize the drive at all.
did not work so well. i bought a cheap different one and it worked well.
pass on this item it doesn't have enough codes. no help on line either. waste of money
these have already been thrown out because they broke easily and were a pain to wear.
the drive ran fine for number months, then failed without warning.  a disaster!do not buy this drive!
the drive had problems with delay writes and never stop seeking untill it lock up.
especially for that inflated price.the vhs-c would not load onto the adapter properly.i decided to settle for a motorized adapter.
these batteries do not last at all!!  do not buy any product that requires this battery.
if your ipod is less than a year old do not get this.  it will not work.
this mini usb hub heat up very fast, even it just connected to one mpnumber player.  do not buy it!
after multiple applications and rereading of directions, i ca not see any discernable difference.  maybe with polishing cloth.
it did not remove the scratches from my screen - which is what i bought it for.
(...) the dumb thing does not even have built in audio?  come on, give me a break.
i bought number disks (number boxes) and number of the disks would not work.
puchased these and not one worked.  they burned correctly just would not play or be recognized.  stay away
do not buy this item, the company will not ship it to you.
i ordered this unit and could not even get it to turn on. do not touch this garbage.
this must be a mistake........... this is priced $number.number over the $number.number, full retail price direct from kodak !
theres some problems with it...software  isent that good, lots problems,i hate usb port carger, runs down laptop batteries faster
cheap speaker not worth the time to install.  poor sound and too much impedance!
works for local, that is, nearby stations only.  over rated.  nothing but rabbit ears with low power amp.
i have a numberg ipod i wanted to use with this in my car.  does not work
it is just a piece of plastic... can rather melt it and make it a tooth brush.
never transferred files. broke immediately.
worked for a week and then started having issues.  stopped altogether after a month.  landfill special now.  bummer.
yeah, i should have paid better attention to the other reviews.these do not fit number.number&#number; speakers as advertised.be forewarned!!!
stay away, if you ever need customer service help, it's non existant.
this printer cable does not work with an imac running leopard and an hp numberm printer.
what a rip off you will find when the filters need replacing.good luck
it is better to get a range expander than wasting your money with this antena.
i think the title says what i think.  i like sony but this is no good.
the switch does not work right.  a signal from one source bleeds into another.avoid.six more words are required - done.
did not work.  had to return it.
sound is muffled and nearly impossible to understand. would not recommend purchasing, not even for $.number
really ugly mpnumber player.  did the sandisk designer ever check out the ipod?  features are just average.  no surprise.
sandisk usually is very good, but this one was junk.
item was received ok, however item was defective and is now being replaced by wd.
buy roscoe gels instead (about $number per number" x number" sheet) and make your own.
i never got an email or the item so i cannot review something i did not receive.
if you have money to throw away then memorex is for you. for reliability use verbatim.
too much interference........dont work dont buy it!thaddeus porraspanama, rep of panama
be careful, the result is not you expect. the sensation is that the magnification not increase number% (number.numberx).
received damaged product. took the trouble to return the item and received new one in a few days.
stopped working after a short while.
i can copy videos on them but, not from them...
i tried to use this charger and it says."charging is not supported with this accessory"
they are made in uae the worst of the bunch by verbatim, i will be finding another supplier
you will end up looking for something better.  sound fidelity is pretty bad.
purchased to charge an ipod shuffle.  charger died after number weeks use.  would not purchase again.
does not work with droid incredible. it makes the phone spaz. and does not charge.
thank goodness for amazon, this product was dead on arrival but amazon gave me a quick return and refund.
short and sweet.  my dsmnumber died.  my dsmnumber died.  both just out of warranty.
this is a decent mouse - when it worked.  but after just a few days it went completely dead.
this keyboard only lasted number months and then random keys stopped working.i like the keyboard but ca not recommend it.
would not work!
dont bather your self and buy this
pros: compact, good for laptopcons: stopped working after three months!cheap build quality. i would not buy again. look elsewhere.
watch out!  the mute on this still allows some sound to get through.  that can be a big problem.
sorry,this item was defective and would not work.  wo not send back just will not order from you again!
it switches stations on it's own.  sometimes wo not turn on.  horrid unit.  delphi support is no help.  don't buy!
broke after a while. did not hold up too well.you are better off buying a reputable brand than this one brand
not worth the money. takes fuzzy pictures. eats batteries real quick. quite a disappointment
took about number pictures, then the ccd died. did a good job while it lasted.
it did not receive much and i found the shape of it difficult to locate it.i threw it out.
every time i plug it into my ipod, it freezes the ipod until it is unplugged.  save your money!!!
microsoft rips you off.
crap
thememstore is a bunch of liars.  stay away from them.
piece of junk.  better off buying new controllers that work
wanted to return but no luck,so used it ones and it still laing in original box unused.
one of the stick was defective..i returned them for a refound.
useless.  it did not balance the ipad securely and the angle was awkward.  waste of money
i sent an email twice to have this warranty cancelled, both times they were ignorned.
worst product i have ever purchased on here. pain to setup. did not work at all. returning it.
too short. obsolete! read the fine print. too short to be useful.it was a loss once i received it
do not buy...so generic...mine ripped in a week.
sony doesnt recomend these cables because they dont work.at least on my tv it didnt work.
could not get it to work for number hours of trying to make it work, no manual :-(
no coments
item did not work. i tried thres drives and none worked. all three worked in a different enclosure
i used this cable less then number times and it broke.  the audio is intermittent.
i did not notice any difference at all compared with my older sony dvd player.
useless, total waste of money. better to use your eyeballs to adjust your hd tv.
the card i bought does not work! in any cell phone!! do not know why as other cards do work, kingston.
do not purchase this if you have an ipod classic number or number, it will not work at all.
cable does not work, was too cheap to bother with return. i do not recommend at all.
when i install this battery, i am told that it cause a power surge to my motherboard,and destoryed it.
about this camera, i will write number words, number times--red eye, red eye, red eye
very cheap and uncomfortable on the ears.  the sound leaves a lot to be desired.  i sent them back.
lots of feedback...don't buy
only shows number gb of space on the card...supposed to be a number gb card....wtf?
save your time, save your money look at an ipod or sandisk instead.
do not get this reader if you have numbergb+ sd hc cards.gonna buy another one..... >:(
cheap selector round mechanical thing............it would be better if it was all flat like a nano
terrible product, cannot be filled up or it malfunctions.  had to return it to amazon and get a refund.
get an ipod.  i have tried number sansa mpnumber players and they both quit working after number months.
display went dark after number years. do not buy
dont buy, donst work on windows xp neither mac os
picture is a little dark and focus is rather tricky but compatibility is excellent.  perfectly functional unit.
this adapter is on the way of the camera's flash, so, this adapter is useless to me.
it did not last long.  the zoom lens jammed.  what a waste of money!
failed on arrival!!!!what more can i say about it.it failed, waist of my time.do not recommend this at all.
does not sound any diff than the cheap stuff. but i still feel compelled to spend money on cables
half the reason i chose this product was to get the included screen protectors, which were not included.
did not work on vista / xp / mac os - just a complete waste of my time.
still waiting for this to show up on my doorstep.  needed for bd live.
warning: this product is obsoleteit is not compatible with the new directv mpegnumber format!the replacement is:directv hrnumber
amazon is bundling the wrong battery with the panasonic lumix fznumber.the correct battery is the cga-snumber
this light is absolutely useless. i could tell no difference between videoquality when this light was used.
it looks nice, but would not cool down my laptop.  i can not recommend it.
three netgear rangemax routers and all three died. the wnrnumbert lasted the longest, number months. avoid these dogs.
deader than a door nail.there are many cheaper options here so look around.
and the cord started shorting out on me for no good reason.
rca cables broke when i was taking them out . not cool. wish i could have a refund.
waste  of a money!, does not work!
garbage
wrong enclosure sata not idesanoxy usb number.number /yesexternal number.number-inch /yeside hdd enclosure case /nofor laptop - blue /yes
they are inexpensive; i bought several.within a few months the plastic becomes stiff and one or both buds quits working.
well.... they did last number hours.  what junk.  really not much more to say about this one.
hola gente:no way to put inside this case a lumix lxnumber, case is a little short.saludos, allan.
dead after about number months. worked ok while it lasted. you get what you pay for....
there are not enought words in the human language to discribe how bad this software is. don't buy!
bad
are they nuts???  i ca not believe this camera has no firewire.  do not bother!
not very practical. really cheesey connection. every move of this adapter results in scratchy static noise.
do not buy it!! it su_ks.it is so bad the web site is making it difficult to write this review
such a waste, but time has changed.
it crashed after a week of its usage.very bad customer supporti wasted the money
it's only a radio transmitter and not a charger; waste of money, has iphone compatibility issues, and sounds terrible.
they will not stay on! delkin advises using double sided tape or velcro. phooey!
earpads do not stay over ears. plastic retainer hurts top of ears. cord tangle is maddeningly unmanageable.
too ginormous,  for portable hddexpensive with shipping $number.number, no cushions inside. ugly up close.nothing to hold.
not so good it's damagednot real gold no sound coming out from dvi not so good highly not recommended
i guess because the cable is to long pass a back noice and its not very good product.
this thing is not even stereo. it has only one speaker for monotone sound. also, no bass what-so-ever.
direction are confusing and not accurate.  no external volume or channel selection.  the interior home model is better.
and i thought monster was doing a good job ripping people off.  this is quite impressive.
this is a "cat number" cable, right?where are my five kittens???
poor quality and hooking up is timely and connection resets, etc.. not worth the money!
the title says it all.  for "light" use substitute numberx week.  imho, unacceptable.
disappointed, the one that came free with my sansa number sound better.  poor sensitivity also
sound is muffled.
there is not much to these,  the one i received worked as advertised for about number minutes then died.
fake sandisk. only numbergb with a lots of read/write errors.after contact sandisk this product identified as fake sandisk.
worked ok for number months, then developed a constant hum / buzz in the right channel.
to small for a number" macbook model #anumber ! it is a nice case but unusable.
did not work on day one
$number.number for the same genuine apple product or number for a knock off at your favorite online auction source.
not too good. sounds like someone is way off in the distance trying to sing over your voice.
cheap
this is not a numberghz adaptor. so it will not give you true n performance.
had to return the product as it would not work with any device in any vehicle.
dont waste your time on these. the sony earbuds are the same price and fit/sound ten times better.
i could not get this to work with my numberg ipod classic no matter what settings i tried.
get the dlink number port usb hub. much better product. i returned both of these.
sound is no compare to tivoli fm or even boston mono. the user interface simply does not work.
nope cheeep
mine broke in about number months. not sure why. would not buy this product again.
i wasted my money, it work only some times and only a couple feet of distance, very dissapointed.
flaky connectors buy better brand
sound only comes out of one side and the quality is really bad, can hardly hear it at all.
piece of crap. no reset button, once the surge happens theirs  no way to reset it !!!!
i thought i would be able to use this in my intel macpro, but no dice.
crapped out after number month.  lost wireless signal completely.do not buy it!
this product died right away when i installed it. started smoking and everything. returned it and got a refund.
i received a class number number gb memory with the numbergb class number sticker. amazon refund me the money.
put these on and ride a bike or anything active. they fall right out. lame.
order-soon to be on an first come first serve order and they go fast.
would not function correctly.getting service out of motorola is like pulling teeth, your teeth, by yourself, without novacaine.
it stop to work after used for some timesalso it is very easy to get hot.do not buy this
description not clear for a novice.  it was completely incorrect for my needs
dont buy this, it is a poor piece that you will broke trying to install on your battery!
ear pcs fell apart after number min of use. sound nothing to write home about.returned product for full refund.
crapola
works for a week and then starts having problems dropping connections. not long after that it stops working completely.
even though it states "mac" compatible. so i would consider this false advertising.i returned it.
constantly dropped connections. quality very low. do not buy. it's a cool idea, but it just does not work.
good design, except it ruined my dashboard.  ripped up the surface with its friction.  too late now.
the subwoofer puts out a lot of static on all inputs.  something is not right with this model.
works great, ca not believe others charge ten times more. now i know why they call it "monster".
has anyone here received the number free hd dvd's?
i found that by using the numberc lens the picture or photo's resolution reduced greatly.
you will not get this.i ordered one and received a "ca not ship to your address" excuse.bait and switch.beware !!!
i have been unable to install on vista ultimate number bit. help desk helpful but may have to return.
the product does not fit for dnumber. even the quality of the bag is not good enough
this thing is a piece of junk. it died on me today and it's just over number  yr old.
it just stopped wrking after one year and all the data was lost.cheap - and disposable.next time - sandisk.
connector was difficult to connect to player.  after a dozen uses, plastic fell apart.
turns itself off after a few minutes, not worth getting a rma and paying for the return shipping.
even though amazon says this is a battery for lumix camera, it is not.  waste of money.
it just doesnt communicate with the number computers(pc and laptop) i have tried to use it with.  worthless
card defective.  could not format this card in my camera.  amazon did refund promptly.
broke within a week after the manufacturer's warranty ended and is too expensive to fix:(
this does not work on psnumber, there is major distortion and awful loud sound.i am unsure about computer function. sorry
i purchased three of these, they all went bad within a few weeks.  now they are useless.  stay away
number weeks passed already and received nothing.
item returned
if you really want to keep your data please do not buy it, you will lost everything
the adhesive held for about number month!
no value here.  fm transmission is spotty, even in cars with great antennas (honda/acura/toyota).  stay away.
terrible driver support(no vista or linux support). bad picture quality.grip is no good as well .
very very poor customer service. cannot buy a product hoping it runs good through its warranty period.
junk, never worked, scam and the price was not worth sending back.  do not buy.
i knew the $ was to good to be true. they did not even work.
this antenna never worked for me so i had to hide an additional auto antenna under the console
dont buy this for home theater, it sucks. you cant hear any of the dialogs properly.... very badcheaply made
these headphones are absolutely horrible and i totally hate them. they are the most uncomfortable things in the world
was good for a few months.. now dead. trash... will not be buying from boss again
they sent me the wrong one too.
junk dont buy this
came with no instruction and did not work on the brands of tvs they said it would.do not buy
did not work at all.checked to make sure i was usingit on supported tv's.i was.changed the batteries.no luck.
no point in buying this product for your canon eos, it pretty much doesnt work with any of them.
usb micro adapter brook over like a week. should watch out. other sd and micro card is fine.
pure waste of money.  they have poor tension and do not hold the plugs properly and fall out.  avoid.
bad
it does not work. i returned it for a refund.  simply does not work.  oh well.
do not buy it worked for a few times then broke.
the item never worked. if the remote wo not charge it's useless. look elsewhere, not dlo.
it is not that good for the money.performance is not great. i do not recommend.it is too short.
do not buy this if you use a mac. it would have been nice to know that prior to purchasing.
i got one from walmart.the sound quality is horrible. totally unacceptable.i returned it immediately.
cheap, tinny sound and the right speaker broke after about number hours of use.  way overpriced at $number.
the idea for this unit is very good but the finished product do not live up to the idea.
i hate to do bad reviews, but i bought it as a present, and it did not work.
i bought it, tried everything, now, it's not working at all. it's dead..do not buy this refurbished.
the cable boxes today are hdmi to hdmi.so do not buy this because it's out of style and no good!
out of date electronics, do not waste your money
you will be charged $number shipping per battery! i went elsewhere. reminds me of some sellers on ebay.
does not have a ir emitter for controlling your other components.  should be able to turn on off amp.
died within a month of using it.
cheaply made out of plastic..cheap cheap,avoid this pos junk.if u want good fan controller.buy nzxt sentry number
do yourself a favor get a cable company dvr........its pretty much the same thing without all the hassle
just did not work
i bought this product to convert my laptop signal into an s-video signal. it did not work.
i did not get the chance to try this out because the modem failed drastically...
i did not so this wire is useless, my own fault for not digging into this deeper before ordering it.
does not work
the product did not work when received, the company that sold it to me never replied.
i hate it! i spend a lot of time installing the drving program and i ca not finish it!
the adapter not connect well, so the sound comes from iphone for only one channel.
you can get the same type of cable (although black) from radioshack, for number/number of the price!
they did what i expected, it's all good!
never fit my ipod touch numberg. i had to through it away
like many others, i received a defective cable that would not maintain a connection without applying constant pressure.
these cables are overpriced, get the cheapest hdmi you can find and it will work just as well.
didn't last long cheap made moved my tv out some and the darn thing broke not a good buy.
i purchased the product and it did not work.  the dl would stop writing on half the discs.
ordered this product, got to my nephew's game and the card would not work. put it in another camera... bust!!
never worked since delivered... contacted seller with no answer...do not purchase this item from seller...
please refund my money or resend itemsi never got this cable and it pisses me offdel
no failure yet, but i am sending it back as it's making odd noises. would not recommend.
does not work with os x, ugly design, flimsy product, very ugly screen.  need i say more?
this is a total pos doens't work at all do not waste ur time or money!
cheap plastic and noisy.  one of the legs would not tighten.  cheap crap.
bought it to charge my nokia as advertise on their web site. simply does not work...
would not work with windows number ot number!ugh... intensely frustrating. tried many recommendations. useless. presumably outdated?i would stay away
worked well for number days then stopped working. you get what you paid for. dont buy it!!
not compatible with windows xp with spnumber.  will force you to use restore point or reinstall windows !
the product never arrived but amazon quickly refunded the amount paid including shipping. i was very impressed with amazon.
hasnt worked at all for medoesnt chargedoesnt make my gps light upnothingwaste of $number
first no way to charge unless you purchase the addtional charger and the menu button doesnt work.
it's hp and it runs windows....i was not expecting much and that what it was.
the drive worked for about a month, and then stopped working. it will not mount.
found the entire zone purchase an awful experience.  left zone and went to ipod instead.
tried to download to my cumputor and does not show that there is anything on the card.  why?thank yousheldon bochner
just like the title says, it is what it is. it's a numbergb card that works.
this case is poorly made.cover will not close. it has no magnet.ipod barely and poorly fits.worthless * useless
this broke after three uses. the price is cheap, but the product is cheaper.  do not buy this item.
will not work with xp sp-number, tried everything to no avail. google the problems with bluetooth adapters..
this is the second crosley turntable that did not work.the first one did not give any sound.the second one was skipping.
seller shipped accordingly, but product did not last long and under performed. waste of money if you are traveling.
the sound is good but you ca not move or there will be noises in your ear from wires moving
junk
i own a numbergb and a numbergb, my numbergb stopped working number week after warranty. pos.
a cheap quality replacement part.
it worked find for number days and then suddenly failed without warning.i replaced it with a motorola cable modem.
died not even number months out used about number times. killed a number gig card.not recommended! garbage!look elsewhere
adjuster does not stay where you put it.constantly falls over out of cup holder.
it's insulting that their keyboards do not come with these.
it worked until i tried to unplug it.  the stem is plastic and it immediately broke.
this case is not hard. it is just a little purse with a zipper. do not waste your money!
the bag has the wrong image!  this is not the bag i got! beware!!
this is a very useless itemany belcro strap will do the same function
ordered number-number-number.  todays date.  number-number-number...  i still have yet to receive this product.
i used a few times. years later. the light comes on but nobody's home
hinge == fail after number uses.
this product does not work with the macintosh! the manufacturer has no driver, and no plans to provide one.
do not buy; one of them barely lasted a month.get the real deal oems, not these fake fake ones.
and i bought additional extension cords hoping that this piece of junk will work. altogether $number down the drain.
this product is garbage. it does not really work. tried on number different computers that do support video out.
for some reason could not get this to work
simply does not workis a bad purchasenone of the outputs workslooks nice but it is a big deception
the drivers are only for vista.amazon return policy was great though, no questions asked.
there was no cleaner in my lens pen. i think it all leaked out in shipping.
the numberaxis bubblelevel is good only for landscape orientation.myfault for not thinking about it.
the drivers that came with it dont work.the ulead software that came with it is useless with xp
i  tested this device in three different computers and no work,this device is currently in the pot of garbage
there is no way to stop the beeping noise it makes when the power goes out.
do not buy this!  it does not work.  it did not even work once!  waste of money and time!
hate it.
drive died after number months. used only once a week to back up main hard drive.
outputs video only!!!!!despite a replacement cable, still no audio.purchased another generic brand from frys and it worked just fine.
carson closeup numberxnumbermm close-focus monocular (cf-number)carson optical  bad
everytime i am obliged to format adata sd-card. ca not overwrite, feel like using cheap dvd-rw. i have switched to sandisk.
it is like they are wired wrong inside or something.they did not work at all, tried on two pcs
this did not work to convert my keyboard with the psnumber connection to a usb connection.
i read that this adaptor would allow a laptopnumber.number&#number; hard drive to work in a desktop.it does not work!!!
locking mechanism is junk, difficult to use, and falls apart. i do not trust this to secure my laptop.
super slow charging, lasted number days then quit
when it worked it was quick and neat,but after a month's work,without any special happening,it just died. beware!
this n wireless adapter connect very weak like junk, do not buy this product and save you money.
it works, but i believe that something is not quite right because it's erratic.  would not buy it again.
dell  needs to make better quality chargers.  this is the numbernd one i had and is already broke
really annoying.  used lightly; sat on a shelf for number months.  hooked it up again; clicking sound.  crashed.
unless you use this once a year for back up it's useless and will die within number-number months.  garbage.
simple device,  should connect three wires from the male to the female right... wrong.  the item does not work.junk
this worked fine until one channel started shorting out after one month's normal use.  not a durable product.
this cable had a short and would intermittently drop audio.also, it's incompatible with iphone-style three-conductor headphone plugs.
bewarei had all my music on this...now it's all gone.'nuff said!
this case does not fit the ultra hd second generation camera. amazon does not sellthe one that fits apparently....
i bought this memory card for the nintends and it's damage in two months of use...
i could not get any signal from the outputs, so i returned the product for a refund.
zero stars .interferes with my wireless burgular alarm system cameras.i can pick up video of my neighbors bedroom camera.
this was not the correct battery for my laptop computer.
it shorted out my car fuses!  do not use!!!!
bad range,too copmlex to setup. number month's passed but i did't get my money back!
thing broke after a few months of use and samsung wants to charge me to fix it.
i was not sent the correct product, never got any satisfaction form the seller, do not deal with him
these things were too small and fit weirdly. i did not like them at all.
waste of money. does not work right out the box.nhow horrible,  big mistake to buy this item..wireless psnumber remote control.
wo not hold more than necessary.
this controller was not original from sony, i dont like it!
it did not work :(
ordered two of these as my wife manages to break these in record time. both were doa.
do not waste your money on this, the reception quality is terrible, they only want your $number.number coupon.
i do not really recommend this product because it broke quite easily.i may have received a defective model, not sure.
this does not work on osx.  even though a previous commenter said that it would.or perhaps it's dead ??
one output did not work at all.  the other lasted about an hour.  waste of time and money.
go for the hammerhead vga to hdmi converter numberpsave time and start couch potatoeing (think it's a word yes?).
item did not work. tried with four differant flashes. not one of them worked.do not recommend this item.
does not work. do not buy! sony started using a &#number;conventional&#number; flash shoe only with the nex-number.enough proprietary stuff!
this product blocks the battery and sd card door when installed.  not worth the money for this inconvenience.do not buy.
it fail after six months of use, without a reason.another alternatives batteries could work better than this particular brand.
thought this would work better than it did.  not very strong signal strength.  fell apart after a few weeks.
broke after two days of use.  my wife's broke and will not work after number week of use.
a toyi never got to use iti have had these before but from a a different chinese maker
garbagemycopbasuraorduresm&uuml;lltruflaisrifiutitakatakasoporroskatvullismbeturinazaborescombrariessme&#number;eodpadkyskraldafvalrubopr&uuml;gilixofatraszem&eacute;t
this item was selected on the year,make,and model for my truck and did not work.
i wish it did work, but it wo not for my lcd television so i am screwed.
i was very disappointed with this item.  it did not fit my tom tom and the zipper broke.
ordered two of these and ended up having to replace them both due to faulty crimps on the ends.
this will only fit older macbooks not any that have been purchased in the last number years.
did not work sent it back!
too small, does not create a soft light.
simply this is piece of plastic, piece of junk!do not waste your money and shipping charges!
doesnt distribute enough power
cheap uv will cause ugly pictures & glare effect. both polarizer are junk and also come with cheap case.
no response after dsl sync. tried an old number wire att wireless modem and it worked perfectly.
it died one month out of warranty and was thrown away.  poor longevity = the obligatory one star review.
my unit broke after about a month of not too frequent use leaving me to sort out warranty repair.
product received was not as advertised and auto switching did not work.  product was returned.
the cord is too short and it did not wort to auto change. not what i had hoped.
did not work
i can not rate this unit because they shipped me a wrong unit and i returned it for refund.
this adapter not work, got errors when copy file. with other enclosure no problem.
do not even bother with this one. it disables windows aero and hardly can keep up with displaying your background.
got this card doa going to return it and may another brand. do not waste your money. feels cheap.
it is not what i asked
it is advertised well but it does not measure up. it wo not focus. i sent it back.
software is designed to cost you more than the dongle.  not recognized by pc.
i could not get this to work with either an xp or vista unit.  it kept crashing my vista unit.
this is a toy!maker was not aware of what center of gravity is!grainy picturei had to get another one
i bought number of these, both are producing smart errors with failure imminent after only number weeks of use.
the title says everything.  definetively you get what you pay!stay away from this thing.
the protector glares and peeled of the first time i put my camera on its pouch.
its not really wireless when the range is number foot on all microsoft "number.number ghz" technology. junk
i used it for number months and it dies on me all of the suddent.
does not fillits biggerhad to cut itdo not buy itits not the right sizecheap cheap
this power supply fried my sansa clip numbergb the first time that i used it.  do not buy!!!
does not fit the numberex well.  it is loose, and falls off.  definitely do not recommend this item.
this item was leaking a liquid from the inside when i open it up.i am returning it.
just bought this locally. it looks nice, but the wireless is terrible. it does. not. work.
does not charge my phone in the car, only charges when plugged into the wall/
item received was obviously used, not new as advertised. sent back to company.  they refunded money without delay.
did not work with my lorex system.... each type of lorex camera has different power requirements.
the seller should say that it does not work for the latest generations of ipod touch -.- it really doesn't!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the iomega prestige was delivered quickly with super saver shipping, but it was "dead on arrival."  not recommended.
did not work on my mac as a web site said it would-returned to seller for a restocking refund
tried number different mounts nothing sticks to it waste of money
only two ports seemed to work the first couple days.  now none of them do.  utter junk!
returned it the day after i got it. certain ports just did not work at all.
this is pure overpriced junk. rabbit ears work much better. do not bother with the hype from winegard.
nice big black square popped up on middle of screen wont go away!tv ok for xbox, vcr etc.
oh man.... the things that it control but not the girls i date wtf
maybe someone else can get it to work, i could not
wastle of money wont conetct
never worked
dont buy it for oregon. it is almost double the size of it, number"+ length.
there is no volume control.this is the first amplifier i have ever seen without its own volume control.
i tried number zunes & all had the infamous zune sync problem. do not even think about it.
do not waste ou money, stay away,... a lot of junk you will never use
this battery worked for number months then died.  now it wo not hold a charge.
broken on arrival
make  sure that your telephone provider support the pppoe (fiber optic)or it's not going to detect the internet connection
broke within a month of use.did not work after a month.do not buy it.there are other cheap options.
returned the first nano because battery would not hold charge.  the replacement had the same problem.
wanted to add my number cents that putting the buttons on the cord is the dumbest thing ever.
should not have checked any stars yet.  i have not used the product yet.
kept getting &#number;card not initialized&#number; error, even after reformatting
piece of junk, it stopped working in about a week.
well after number week of use the thing does not power up anymore. what a pos!!!!
after i backed up many gigs of movies and files, it just died... what else can i say?dead.
returned
it is a white balance grey card, and it is not for setting exposure. so guys beware of that.
it's actually worse, i get less signal strength on fox & cbs than with rabbit ears
number)the dvd player did not work.number)channel changing is delayed by about number secondsnumber)amazon service was excellent and responsive!
this card is the best for my camera, can get over number pictures.. its great
the top sonically welded seam split apart during the first inflation.returned and refunded. there are better choices out there.
i ended up tossing it out. it was so difficult to apply, that i eventually quit trying.
heats up and does not lock in to port
the title pretty much says it all.bought it, tried it, did not work.returning it.
very flimsy.. not worth the money as it will cause more frustration then the benefit received!
this adapter worked fine but just for one time to charged my cellphone, the led is still working lol
does not work in darkness settings
well, as what i received were not panasonic batteries (though were advertised as panasonic) ,i cannot review them. !!!!!!!!!!
this product did not work for me so i returned it. nevertheless, fast shipping by amazon.
even with light and only occasional use, it died after a few months.feels kind of cheap and plasticky also.
nice design; loud feedback buzz on macbook pro.brought the bose instead (you get what you pay for)
maybe design flaw, maybe just manufacturing defect.  disappointing either way.
this device is not vista ready. i do not know if it's ready for any operating system!
does not work
these are made with cheap plastic, they break very easy. there has to be a better brand then this.
money went out quick.  product never arrived.  amazon refunded.  do not buy from this vendor.
.........by any of my devices(including my computer)...ordered from (blue p)..arrived in plastic zip pouch..looked tampered with...this was my experience.......
does not always work.threw it away after getting frustrated!save yourself some headaches and get a good one.not worth returning.
no use, as the new apps available doing better measurements
esta bater&iacute;a es muy mala, s&oacute;lo dur&oacute; un mes y ya luego no volvi&oacute; a cargar, se muri&oacute;.
what a piece of junk - does not work as advertised.  do not buy.
unfortunately this product did not work for me, i would recommend you getting something else,or looking into slightly more expensive versions
simply does not work with software given - attracts virus when trying to find updated driver
dnt buy wont set on computer
cheaply made and no volume control
it has bad quality! one key does not work at all, body plastic quality is low!!i returned this product!
power supply works fine, but the connection failed at the laptop connection within weeks of use.
didnt work
this is garbage.  kensington is selling a sub $number trackball for $number plus.  give it a pass
i bought this some time back, however it is to small for vivitar number.needs better design too.
cheaply made but i guess an okay for the price
the five star reviews must be fake because they refuse to even look at my item ripoff ripoff ripoff
too difficult a fit for the numbergb ipod. could not use it.
appears to be well made, but failed within a few charge cycles. no longer accepts any charge.
bought as a refurb.  lasted about number months.  was okay performance-wise while it lasted, but was always noisy.
not compatible with modern operating systems. like windows number/number.number
did not work for number honda odyssey minivan.
do not buy xo vision products. i have issues with their product, documentation, and their support is terrible!
did not work on arival
lasted number weeks longer then return opportunity...head phone jack on booster faileddont  buy shoody parts and labor dont buy
slow focusing, bad quality, do not buy this camera. i love nikon, this one needs to be redone.
useless now that i have the iphone numbers
i just got this today, and it does not work with my ipod numberg with number.number software.  totally lame.
dead on arrival when i plugged my droid incredible into it.  will see if the replacement works.
this charger did not work and smelled like burning plastic.  they obviously have no quality control.
drive died after number months of minimal use.avoid at all costs.
upon review= not worth $ number - sent it back. the leather cover does a good job
not even stretching it you get a number-feet cable that you can use for the gps
i picked this up because i thought it would work with my mac.  however, it does not.
did not fit my samsung surround sound speakers and the screws/nuts threads stripped to easily.
garbage cant charge on wall. get the other model!!!!
this camera stopped works after three months. service not great to get it fixed. would not recommend this camera.
after number year of use the radio screen stop working!
gps & dvd never worked
need to load software to down load message from recorder. its complected.
number days after placing the order still no ship date or tracking number.  do not recommend this vendor
i bought one of these for my son's birthday.  it lasted all of three days before it went kaput.
does not work while charging holds little change wasted money to purchase one
this product arrived without the disc necessary to use it.
the clicking noises in past reviews are all true.  is this an indication that the drive will fail?
says quick two hour charge on packaging.after more than three hours the unit was still charging.......
cable was doa and had to buy another one to work.will have to return and get my money back.
does not work well.
returned not work
the other items work fine, but the usb cable does not, so ultimately i did not get a good deal.
pink case for nikon coolpix digital cameraspink case for nikon coolpix digital cameras
purchased number of them. dead in the water. they never work.what a disappointment........money wasted. now  i ca not usemy keyboard.
it does not work with anything i tried it with.
fraud
they might do a mile or more if it's out on flat land in an open field.
with this amplified antenna, i actually picked up fewer channels than those with my passive antenna.i will keep looking.
finally had to give up on it.  the sound from the iphone speaker was just as loud as this.
not stable in comcast south floridarebooting itself every number hours...works very fast when connected but very unreliable.
no
do not buy this - poor quality.  does not work after six months.  tried on three pcs, and new batteries.....
i bought one and it has a very flakey wireless connection.  last time i will be a refurbished router.
it's nice to have a great looking mouse.... only when it functions.hp used to be great, not any more.
this product stinks like kerosene, naptha, mothballs you pick your petroleum product.do not buy!! you have been warned
why did the slaves choose to work in the fields?because installing this fan was the alternative...
awful, i do not even try and use them any more.
i bought two of them and they did not work had to send them back.
i purchased two of these and will return them shortly. they simply will not charge. they are garbage!
did not work, did not charge the unit, did not get traffic info, broken in the package.
camera broke! memory card pops out so battery door will not close! used less than a month!
the charger quit working within a couple of days.  the light comes on, but the device does not actually charge.
no signals at all - not even number on any channel - waste of time and money
one of the speakers does not sounds from the beguinning...and then ca not send me another one back, it really sucks
what do you want for $number?? muddy and dull.one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven
did not work on all my devices. threw it in a drawer. beware.
i have sent this item back....$number.number for a camera cover waaaaaay too much money for this item....
the merchant never delivered.  ended up getting refund from amazon due to this.  thank you, amazon!
google the reviews on this item carefully before buying. it will not do video as advertised.
worked great for about a week and then would not charge.
well, the good news is that it's cheap, the bad news is it does not work on the mac.
it simply didntwork on the tv or dvd player!......i wasted my money! well  i dont recomend buying this! .....
i did not like the sound of this mic, or the form factor.
it does not work in every port
it simply did not work, i have many different microphones, but this one does not work at all.
i could not count on all of the ports working, so i bought a replacement.maybe this is too cheap?
item is listed as "in stock.", but shipment date is in number months(!!!!). i canceled the order.
dead on arrival.  charged overnight - nothing...  too bad, so much promise, so little delivery...
the ear buds are bulky, falls out of the ear, does not sit on the headset, lower volume.
these things are big and bulky and every size is uncomfortable.  not worth it.  returned the same day.
poor transmitting power.  could not get a clear signal on any setting
not good quality just very overpriced.
the screws positions a awkward to hold the ssd - next time i definitely buy another unit.
product was not three feet long.  at least a foot shorter.  was very unhappy with this product.would not recommend.
we did not use this charger very long until it burnt up. it's not worth the time in ordering it.
did not fit my camera as it said that it would. sending it back.
zero stars: headset buddy adapter:pc to  phone pcnumber-phnumber convert dual number.numbermm to number.numbermmbought number ;both broke after a week.sucks!
battery did not work, ended up ordering one from someone else.
garbage.  shitty mount, shitty image, hardware.  do not waste your time or your money.
never worked properly from day one. i replaced this with the philips saanumberh/number and have not looked back. cannot recommend.
do not waste your money. low light, blurry picture and video. even my child was not happy with it.
it splits left and right.
bought this thinking it would work with a mac - - wrong!description should have mentioned this.
was shipped defective. did not work out of the box....save your money and buy a well known brand.
did not work at all. monry refunded quick;y.
you are not suppose to let go of the ball!?! this is just an accident waiting to happen.
cable does not charge my htc droid incredible.  it just turns the "charging" light on but never charges the battery.
got it for father's day uhm... yea guess i am not a good dad
if they are going to pull a stunt like that they should have advertised on the box: optional esata connection.
very difficult to use when you need it
these were a disappointment. the clarity was good. the ear covers fell apart after a few months.
do not buy this from charger city / hoya unlimited.they will send you a non magellan piece of garbage.
the cutting not fit body shape, little disappointed
i had two of these who died within a year. wd has gone bad to worse.
i bought this to hide the box behind the tv.it wo not work with the comcast hdtv set top boxes
hardware held my speeds down to to about numbermbps. total waste of time and money. so incredibly disappointed.
cons:non-standard earphone jackno external displayno shuffleuseless buttonsyuckpros:see cons
keeps falling off the lens.
melts down and is a piece of junk that you will throw away along with your money.
do not try and be a cheapskate. spring for a few more dollars and get a mouse that moves.
did not work.  very frustrating.  returned for refund.
would someone like to tell me which mac this fits into? certainly not a macbook or macbook pro.
with great anticpation i received my gps for my fall vacation.  well, gps is bricked.  will not power up.
kept losing the signal and we tried everything to get it to work. oh well, ca not win 'em all.
i have sent that back.
apple's worst product ever. i have nothing positive to write. its new coke vs old coke.
will not work with hard drives of any size or optical drives.  new out of package, will not work.
it has been about number months and i found number little dead pixels... it's well... really annoying.
this cord was dead on arrival. maybe i am just unlucky, but i would not order from this vendor again.
the sound was terrible and there was static if the cord was touchedq:electronics noise-isolating ear buds.
i bought the wrong size bag because i did not know the product came in two sizes.j.
product &#number;doa&#number;fired up and shut back down on every usb port.&#number;doa&#number;&#number;dang-it&#number;&#number;i just hate it when that happens&#number;
not sure what's wrong, but the first unit lost volume, and so did the second one.
it broke after a week
in a word, it sucks...and not even as useful as an iron stake.not sure why people market this junk
absolutely unreliable. after two months of usage it broke. now it is unreadable by any computer.  it's really loud.
cons:old style connectorsputs out much less than numberw before faulting. (numberw maybe)pro:cheapbare bones pc worthyblue lighting!
no big surprise - but these lasted me all of a month before becoming useless.
use these and your cd is likely to arrive broken.  they are much too flimsy.
the title says it all...dead on arrival - bummer!  first item i have ever had to return to amazon!
i have had the same experience as several others here.  one line works, the other three are dead.
fans dont last and the company does not sell replacements.
do not work with apple products. cheap construction and will not charge your apple devices.
had problem with card since day number in the process of returning the card to tiger direct
did not last long.
it is not hight gain i can not receive signal from next wall
can not be used directly connecting between pc and tv.
it doesn`t work , do not buy this
remote only worked at number inch away if it worked at all.  fast delivery on the merchany.  danny
holds same amount of charge as my number year old apple battery, which is obviously not good.
never worked!!
i bought number of these from different sellers and this one is useless.  asked for refund have not heard anything.
slow and is dificult if not impossible to connect with wireless computerterriblenot user friendlynot worth $numberdo not buy
this led light is not even what i would can one candle brightness ............ not worth having .......
this has to be the worst camera i have ever used.  do not buy. not even for the price....
broke in less than half hour, they are very fragile.
beware! this thing comes with no software. you have to buy/download the app.. and it's $number.
did not last number months for me.
the reason for the one star the product was defective. amazon gave me full creditincluding shipping fee. go amazon!!!!
waste of money.
not a good bag. recieve it dusty. look old and used.
sounds like poo. do not recommend.
the battery will not charge and is completely dead. had to return it,
the car adapter has no filters and produces  a loud buzz.  the ac adapter did not fit
no goodtele brockton
never workednever switchedneeded to switch manually - even the fitting was poor and connections was slack - not recommended
this will not work for me and i just hate iti just paid for something i ca not use.
not good
it broke within a few weeks.
just dead, out of the box. complete disappointment. it need not have traveled to reach dead.
nice looking camara with a lot of good features. the only big problem "is very slow taking pictures".
after owning it for a year, i do not use it. it sits in a drawer.probably not worth getting it.
garbage please do not buy this.
would not work in my computer.
does not do a good job of recharging. only allows half an hour after recharging.
does not pick up stations that my number year old radio did.too much base with no adjustment.do not buy.
this hdd thicker than others.does not fit hp dvnumber.make sure you have room to install this hdd.
did not work as a replacement to the one i had and lost. yes, i am sure of the application.
amazingly, this seller wo not ship to a home address in seattle.  no reason given.
i pay number tb black and it's noisy and dead after number weeknext time i will go for seageat
let me save you time and money by saying just number words here: no bass!
ok, everyone,the picture thumbnail shows the adaptor.  there is no adaptor included in this case!angry, for sure.  not cool
the one i received was defective it would not write any data to it.
cheap feeling. works fantastic when it is working. a little noisy.wo not last a month. it did not for me.
cable fizzled out.  does not work anymore.
my dsl router does not sync-up with the dslam when using this filter.  i am on at&t (formerly bellsouth) dsl.
do not but this product. it just makes you ipad looks has more scratches and bubbles.
the worst sound i have ever heard.not comfortable for my ears. i really do not like this headphone.not recommended.
dead on arrival, did not work at all.i did not rebuy this drive, went with a seagate, it works great
returned it, maps were number years old, traffic avoidance is worst feature. bought magellan, not much better.
it was getting so hot very fast and did not work.it was useless to me.very disappointing and waste of money.
there is no usb and therefore no way to play mpnumber's?  really?  was loving it until i realized this!
cheap product...torn really fast
did not do what i needed.
my review title says it all.... let me summarize after number hours of dealing with this..... garbage!
doa  dead on arrival.  wo not power up.  brought a pioneer instead.  much better.
the magellan customer service is horrible. i would never get a magellan again to avoid dealing with them.
i bought this for my mini laptop because it did not have a disc drive. it never worked
did no fit my car as described. (avenger number)
this item did not fit my ipad air as advertised.  not worth the purchase..
ended up not using as they do not stay on very well
i dislike b/c it's not work well.i rate it is number%do not buy it because it is not help
broke after a few uses.
this is just a flimsy piece of plastic. a rip off at twenty bucks.otterbox makes the best cases.
terrible, save your money
worst ever mount. did not last one week in the heat.this sticky mount made by escort is much better.
looked quality and charged it without poor voltage.cannot charge anythinguseless chargerit wont work at all after several heavy sunlight.
junk..returned...fits womens wrists only..
pretty much what the header states, i got something totally different than what was pictured.
it damaged after six months. quite expensive for that quality
i bought this keyboard for my laptop & it was not compatible with it . ????
it barely worked to start with and then fell apart quickly.  i do not recommend it.  that is all.sasha
not so much
number% platinum silicone!  we swear!  even though it's made in china!yeah, i am not buying that for a minute.
pros: cheap, long. worked great for a while.cons: stopped working after only a couple weeks. picked up dirty power.
crap.  saran wrap with some holes works better.great way to make your phone sticky and gross though!!!
skullcandy just does not make good headphones unfortunately.i would recommend you get something else honestly.there are better cheap headphones out there.
it was supposed to be compatible w/ my laptop/operating system, but the system could not read the memory.  oh well....
dead on arrival, horrible purchase. would not recommend to anyone.better alternatives available on amazon for a little more money.
these are cheap batteries. they do not hold a charge.
this cable worked for number.number months.  like many other reviewers, i can confirm this cable will not last long.avoid.
crap, does not hold a charge
purchased number/number/number died number/number/number - r.i.p.i will have to see which is cheaper, using up these duds or buying new...
way to difficult to set up......  poor interface and poor poor online support....
nothing heavy duty about it. dinky
did not even work lol
cant turn it off.it stays on all day never turns off.no on or off switch anywhere.weird
did not work out of the box.pc would not recognize hub and threw errors in device manager
broke after number weeks.
plugged it into my tivo hd and... nothing.  support call to tivo confirmed this drive is not compatible.
the cable is not made to prevent static interferiance from nearby a/c sources.the shielding leaves alot to be desired.
does not have any chinese characters. deceptive advertising.
came defective and would not work.  returned them for a refund. dont' waste your time.
this product it's not recomended, it does not worki am from costa rica, so greetings and i ca not possibly return it.
it does nothing as simple as that.its fun to make people think it does something a dazzle can do.
useless
i had to return this just like everyone else as it burned out in less than a month.very disappointed!
purchased this bulb for my samsung t.v. on may numberth.  burned out on july numberth.save your money.
does not work for the camera
distorts colors. generally low quality. would not recommend to a friend.nine more words since my review was too short.
a few words to describe this product...useless, pointless, worthless.it does not do anything. its a rip-off. do not purchase!
air bubblesstickers on it hard to removea partial refund would be apreciatedhad to buy a similar screen protector elsewhere
cheap and disposable.
ca not see out of it anymore. did not even last through the summer.
not what i want...
shorted out quickly.overheats and smells.got so hot i burnt myself.i would only buy this again if it was cheap.
no comets
battery do not give up to number hours of battery power for mac
cheap fell apart after one month of use this is a do not buy
both connections fit snuggly - however it does not work
does not works, i have the same problem, no phone signal, no recommended
buy the netgear universal wifi range extender wnnumberrpt it is the bestbut ityou wo not be disappointed at all.
the bluetooth works, however the adapter makes my system crash (blue screen) every time. not a very reliable adapter.
one battery one other junk.
doesnt support usb.tried for number weeks, broke the thumb drive connector, and gave up.pffft.money down the drain.
wo not stay on the camera even with a piece of tape.
this diffuser does not fit a numberex ii.  do not buy it for that flash unit.  look to sto-fen.
absolute garbage ! worked for about number days.then the suction cup stopped working.and the foam holders fell apart...
a cheap way of trying to take macro photos. i tried it, not impressed so i threw it away.
unable to make it work properly.
one battery did not work.
very thin and lightweight. very very cheap. also were way too small.nothing else is necessary to say or do.
it stopped working after two months.
this speaker is terrible. bad quality sound and the cord does not even stay in my ipod.
i will be returning this case. like others have said, it constantly slips off and is of terrible quality.
this company is a liar company.because it does not have numbermah at all!feels like only number/number of the original battery.
terrible battery, lasts a fraction of the time the canon battery lasts
this product is too flimsy, will not stay on my son's ipod numberg.  the screen protector is okay though.
received the product in a oversized box without little packaging.  computer would notstart hope.  dead on arrival.
cheap plastic band snapped right by earphones after i started using it regularly.
trash
purchased this camera because of the numberx zoom.  problem is the zoomed photos come out terrible.  would not recommend.
the battery cable is not long enough to be secured by the clip.  a total waste.
i bought this last november of number. now the battery does not hold charge anymore.lasted only number months!!! sucks!!!
see above.tried on three pcs nothing.could not be used, all other indications as far as power, were fine.
poor construction means that it does not work as expected!
too big for my hand so i returned it
broke after just a few days
had to return ittoo much jitter and image ghostingdid not expect it from company like monsterpathetic customer service
the paint rubbed of and that took away the beauty
used these for running for about a month before one ear went dead.  they were nice while they lasted.
it is shorter than the length of the iphone number !!!thats really disappointingdo not buy this product . .
cheap chinese production.with a butler creek logo i expected more than this.buy at your own risk.buy american.
this was not compatible with my macbook air. number% waste of money. :/
the stones popped off and did not last long at all. id never buy another one again. verycheaply made
does not fit on tnumberi do not buy
weird fit
the range on this thing is number ft at most.further than that and the signal fades away really quick.
worked for a year, then one of my kids knocked it down, and spin beep, spin beep, spin beep..useless
this looked good, and fit well, but within a week or so, cracked, and part broke off.  poor quality
the white plastic case turned to a brittle yellow after a month. total garbage.not worth even it's low price.
unable to use in most connections.  adds way too much resistance;  so, only one side of dual will work.
this case really sucks.it barely fits the ipod.the ports are badly cut out.i had just wasted my money.
bateria de mala calidad no me sirvio no recomiendo comprar baterias en linea todas salen malas.
one drop and it was done
paint rubbed off in no time
very poor quality. it broke in less than a month.
no comments! waste of money.
did not fix or help my alternator whine at all.  junk,
great until stopped workingthis device stopped working after few weeks of usedo not waste your money, it's not worthy
not as expected. unit did not fit properly.it became unattached at the slightest movement of the main key board.
would give it zero...
the sound sucks with headphones
just too slow.  android number is not up to the challange of speed and ease of use.  not intuitive.
didnt work as expected
never worked!!!!
this exploded completely demolishing the ipod and the battery
lousy product. not even worth the small price.  would not even dream of testing that waterproof feature.do not recommend!
it only work a few weeks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i bought this for my hp dvnumber notebook. it did not fit. i bought this one instead:bnumberbrysnumberkthis one does fit.
tip too stiff. left scratches on my tablet. not recommended.
i wonder of this is as good as stated as i am still waiting
caused the screen to flicker, colored lines, etc.just go with factory original parts, even if its not number cell.
it would pair after playing with it for a bit, then disconnect constantly.you get what you pay for. returning.
battery operated plastic crap! almost never pairs.
utterly useless garbage.
pretty crap case
not the same otterbox quality i am used to.otterbox officially off my list of approved products along with wrapsol.
not fully described. has sides of elastic, so i would not call it a leather carrying case.being returned for refund.
doesnt work on tvs
a very bad product.  windows number didnt help it.  do not waste your time and money.  i returned it.
i bought number of these and realized theyre all the wrong size. fml
did not work
did not work fake
this was a gift.do not know.i have no idea how the person who received  it  likes or dislikes this product
no more otterbox.no more wrapsol.poor quality.speck cases are much better.i would rather have a $number knock-off for the same quality.
the quality is just horrible
used this in my wife's galaxy snumber.  she does not take many photos.lasted only number year.dead.  buy another card.
only number of the number cables worked for my dish receiver.
broke way too quickly
it worked when i first plugged it in.it worked for about a week.so much for the newest version.
the subwoofer was dead out of the box.
pros:good lookinginexpensivecons:very poor fit. they slide off my daughter's ears and head too easily.mediocre sound qualitythey got returned.
cheaply made stopped working after number months
this  keyboard  worksnot  great  but  it  works,keys  sometime  stick, i  should  have  bought  as  better  one
never worked or connect to anything
stylus doesnt work on tablet ..keyboard was smashed,,,disgusted disappointed..take this crap off the marketi want my money back now!
very glitchy
falsely priced in email.
terrible, does not fit right, just sloppy.
this product is a waste of money.i bought this product, and it will not work as expected.very sad
sucks, battery dies too quickly.
that baby carry number&#number; tv at all. i am returning it.
quit working within one year.
not that easy to install.was purchased as a non glare screen,but really does not cut the glare significantly .
tiny
the aux input for my mpnumber player is not loud enough ....the whole thing is a scam!
startlingly cheap construction, and surprise surprise, it did not work. big skip.
do not waste your money. does not work with the apple products anymore. used to be amazing before.
it did not work to hook up my wii.
this cable stopped functioning within a year of purchase.it was treated with care and used under normal operating conditions.
poor number readability.not dell brand.hard to sit numbers in correct position.do not recommend.  please avoid this lock.
would like you to replace it with a working model as soon as posible.thank youreva and sheldon bochner
the tablet was good, unfortunately it did not do what i wanted it for.
canon tnumberi, tnumberi are all having manual video controls on f-stop, shutter speed and iso,while the dnumber does not, period
would not even begin to hold my number&#number; dell tablet.
it crashed and cost me a few hours...
arrived doa, will not power on, will not charge.
not working for me at all... i should have spent the extra money and just purchased the canon brand.
does the word rube goldberg mean anything to you? enough said.many parts, nothing special and a monster to haul.
this is not camera bag at all!it is just crappy general purpose bag! it is very misled!money waster!
do not buy it. is not working properly on a dell laptop.the laptop is not recognized the battery.very bad
item never arrived. not even a sorry two months after had to fight for reimbursement
never worked
i plugged the cig plug in then in to unit fried it first off do not buy
the bag was way to heavy and uncomfortable to carry
this is a terrible product.  no instructions on what  to do with it.  item falls and slips.do not buy
wont mount less than number months old....outside of window wasted moneydo not buy
this one was broken for few month, cannot return anymore, too bad quality
this item claims to be okay for ipad devices. it is not.save your money and get something that actually works.
this thing shorted out and almost burt down my house
did not really work, at all........ you get what you pay for....
do not work
not worthwhile. the volume was less with this unit?
most frustrating stylus i have ever used gave up dumped in bin after a few days. wasted my money.
the concept was appealing.all in all this universal remote was not effective, cumbersome, and inappropriate to my home's needs.
failed to work -lousy product - cheap knockoff
i wanted to give it number stars,but it would not let me! !!
did not work. promptly returned. at least that part was not difficult.junk junk junk junk junk junk junk junk
number months after my purchase just stop working. monster definitely sucks when it comes to headphones.
my canon tnumber does not have a mic plug so i have not try it yet, i am trying to sell it.sorry.
freezes the dell optiplex after three minutes.emailed their support area three weeks ago.  no response from their 'support' people..
godo!
this monitor did not work... something was wrong with it upon arrival and returned for refund.  disappointed.
did not fit well.  wrinkled.  sent back.  not happy with this purchase.
i bought this protector for my vizo tablet.it peels after number weeks of usagedo not waste your money on this
did not work!product support non existent. no useable installation directions. supplied driver causeserror messages. will return to amazon today.
do not you just love it when something shows up and it does not work. way to fail anker.
the density is uneven across the filter. it is totally unusable.
this equitment is a garbaje.only worked number daysi recomend nobody have to paid any penny.i am very angry
this item never worked. it just never came on.after installing the unit per supplied instructions, the unit never worked.
it does not work
specialty cables will always get number star.
what else can i say????? broken connecter after number times use...will never buy again.terrible terrible, nothing but terrible.stay away.
did not much care for the texture, and had to trim to fit.
glass cracked when trying apply junk and the glass is not very clearwould never buy againpiece of crap
did not work, had to return for refund.
quite straight forward: they sucked.quality sucked, fit sucked, and they hurt my ears.
did not work worth a damn.
junk mine broke after a week
hella too quiet for virtually any environment. no tone control no pan control.true junk
it's small which is an advantage, but you can easily lose the cap
got the product - the apple logo was not on it. it was a solid black case.
replaced bulb as directed.  screen was still dark and unwatchable,  even after adjusting brightness settings. returned for refund.
hard to see thru and hard to focus had to return this one
did not work on a brand new lenovo running windows number.it caused both monitors to become blurry. unusable; returning.
cheap not worth the money constantly shuts off and my mirror fell off several times.
it failed completely but seagate replace it with refurbished one.all data has lost anyway.
did not work for me.
pro:very portablesturdyvery loudlong battery lifecon:audio cable very shortno longer holds charge after a few months
never got it to work at all
graphics looked s***ty, the processor i have alone is better then this card.word cap is lame one two three.
toshiba numbertb canvio basics usb number.number portable hard drivethis hard drive --- the problem is getting error code numberxnumberacnumber
wo not work unless u hold the cable
never worked and didn't get my money back.
interferes with ability to operate the buttons.  sent it back.
toshiba fails!
did not work after i installed it, but they took it back no questions.
does not properly hold the phone
it doesnt work
arrived broken. they did not seem sturdy at all.
the charger is very tacky. it blew the first time i tried to charge it.the batteries are fine though.
unit was doa. exterior controls would not work. dvds i tried would not play.sony ai not what it used to be.avoid.
the quality is really bad.you have to constantly readjust the adapter to have good sound. get a cable adapter.
ended up being a paperweight a little after a year. garbage always losing connectivity.wont connect with the right password.
it's the wrong one it wo not work
wait until you read the instructions!  good luck!
adapter seemed to be sturdy at first and the connection was strong,but it suddenly stopped working within number weeks
these cables are not working, a bad purchase, image does not in any way
does not work on any of my android devices! (hp touchpad, samsung galaxy any version), samsung tablet galaxy note.
bad.just simply bad.don't waste time and money.
works for a couple of days, then stop working, have it check twice, but now is in the junk
i got the galaxy tab number number.number pnumber, when connected it will open tunein radio and then nothing....wasted money....
this one worked only one time.second time it does not work,i need to buy original canon rcnumber again
not that great...get the b&h brand
does not work in macbook pro's or any osx / ios operating system
stopped working after number month of use.
totally useless, could not synch with any bluetooth device, ipad, dell xps tablet or a samsung slatei would avoid these
the charger was not good at all , i would charge my boss speaker in my car
the product is not as good as i expected.freezed often you must restart it every day to get working.
realyi do not think i have that much to sayi do not think i have that much to say  buy
broke first try i used it
did not work for me
it broke within the first couple of days. i guess you get what you pay for :((((looks are not everything
bought this for my mom and it did not work at all!!!  would not charge her tablet, waste of money!!!
