Do It! Do It! Do It!
Ha! Ha! Ha!

[Chorus: Travis Porter]
Okay now ladies.. (YEAAAAH?) If you know you bad (YEAAAAH?)
Don't need no man, got yo' own bands, put up yo' hands
If you a top notch bitch (Woo!), lemme hear you holla (Woo!)
Bend it over, touch ya toes
Whip it out, show the hoes you Bankrollin'
Sling ya hair, hit a broke hoe wit' it
Poke it out, damn shawty you can get it!

[Strap]
If you got some good pussy say (YEAAAAH?)
If you got some good head on ya shouldeeeeers
If you got some good pussy say (YEAAAAH?)
If you never let a hoe fuck you oveeeer
If you 'bout yo' check, drank Moet
Know the pussy stay wet, I need all dat
Tattoos on the back, I see all dat
You already got a man, I ain't tryna be all dat

[Ali]
I'm just tryna hit it by the end of the night
Lil' mama so bad and her booty so tight
When I hit it from the back, don't fuss, don't fight
When I put it in ya mouth, don't scratch, don't bite
I'm showin up, money I'm throwin up
Liquor I'm pourin up, go get you another cup
I told a shorty wassup, told her I'm tryna cut
And then I slapped her dead on the butt

[Chorus]

[Tyga]
Ah! One, two, three, fo', give the booty five
I like my bitches real thick, lil' mo' thighs
Richer than ya own head, nigga no lie
Stacks in the pussy hole, call that the G-spot
HAH!! Real gentleman, fuck and never call again
I'm hot, fresh up out the water I ain't even swim
Heard she got a nigga, well he could be her man
Man, I wouldn't shake his hand with a broke hand
I don't fear naan nigga, boy cold, man
Make a bitch strip butt naked like she pole dance
Standin in the club, on her on the couch, shit
Grab the mic then announced it

[Chorus]

[Quez]
Look, really I'm just tryna break the headboard
Baby girl, yee ain't gotta ask or beg for it
(Aw!) Hell naw! Girl I ain't scared of it
Told her I was 'bout to go nuts with my hands up
First time I met the girl, she was in the club (Yuuup)
Booty like a dice game, just shake it up
Shake shake shake shake like a tamberine
Break 'er down, put her in a blunt like a bag of green
Ladies (ladies) and you know you bad (bad)
Then put yo' hands in the air (What they call her?)
Big Booty Judy, love the way she shake it
Drop it to the flo', gon' earthquake it