To whom it may concern
How should we start this?
I guess it's long overdue that we speak
I mean who ever thoughty we'd be here?
It's fair to say you did
And I know we did
But the rest of them, they didn't believe
So many blessings, few sins here and there
What a motherfuckin' life we done lived
But yet, we still feel like we gotta show you niggas how it's done

Now tell me God, how can you love me after all this sex?
How can you love me after all these drugs?
How can I be the one to feel so blessed?
Oh, thank you
Had to get that off my chest
Oh, thank you

I just dropped a bag in the club off of nothing
I just did it all for the love of the stunting
I was in the strip club we was throwing money
I was in the strip club, I was throwing hundreds
I just got a phone call said press five
If you wanna talk to 'em on the other side
Told them when we touched down we gonna ride
Out here we gonna have your name so alive
I just got a call from my girl, she tripping
Talking that bullshit, I ain't tryna listen
Only thing I wanna hear about is the money mission
I just heard another song about a nigga wrist flicking
That's what everybody, nigga what you really getting?
One thing 'bout it, I don't owe no nigga
I'mma go hard, go soul, go realer
Shout out to the dopeboys tryna get skrilla
I just want a hundred rings, Slick Ricky
I just want to reach a mil, two fifty
I just want to call her like, girl get me
To pull up and take off, my nigga cause we got to go
Roll up cause we got the smoke
Get high whenever we want
Specially when I'm feeling down
I got my niggas around
Thank God my niggas around
Thank God that liquor around
Dive in that liquor and drown
All of my niggas have pounds
Big homies the shit in the town
I get you hit in the town
Never forgetting the town
I been the shit in the town
'Fore I was shit in your town
Hop out the whip when I get in your town
And I'm dicking the prettiest...

Now tell me God, how can you love me after all this sex?
How can you love me after all these drugs?
How can I be the one to feel so blessed?
Oh, thank you
Had to get that off my chest
Oh, thank you

I just got some pussy man, she was doing magic
Baby got the coochie splash, hate to graphic
I just bought some kush and man, it was fantastic
On the red carpet, nigga floating like Aladdin
Money stretching, flipping like aerobics and gymnastics
Nigga more focused than some bifocal glasses
Tall bullet, please don't hit them with the plastic
Niggas on my team with the dealing and the trapping
We just want the rings and the women with the fashion
This is just a dream, boy, it wasn't supposed to happen
Now I'm like a king, like I had you all clapping
My nigga Dave bling, got the gold and the platinum
I could switch it up cause a nigga got the rose gold
Niggas switchin' up on a nigga that's a no-no
Got the stick in this bitch jumping like pogo
Never turning back, that's like fucking with my old hoes
Money in the bag that's just a nigga roll though
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Don't you wanna ball like a pro though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
She sending videos and the photos
Busting wide in the wide body photo
I'm tryna tell niggas they should know though
Shit moving too fast, need slow mo
I feel like when hugh Hef was young
Mansion, a few heifers come
Boy, I lost count of the tally
Move from the hills to the valley
No type of stylist can style me
Fuck with my robe, crown on my head
It fuck with my soul, fucked with my head
Where do I go when we leave here?
I talked to God, this what I said

Now tell me God, how can you love me after all this sex?
How can you love me after all these drugs?
How can I be the one to feel so blessed?
Oh, thank you
Had to get that off my chest
Oh, thank you

Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
(Yours truly)
Think about it all while I'm dolo
(Trigga, Drum)
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
Don't we do it all for the dough though?
Think about it all while I'm dolo
(An open letter to whom it may concern)