Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping?

What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?
What? What? What? What?

I'm gonna pop some tags
Only got twenty dollars in my pocket
I'm, I'm, I'm huntin', lookin' for a come up
This is fucking awesome

Walk into the club like "What up?! I got a big cock!"
Nah, I¡¯m just pumped, I bought some shit from a  thrift  shop.
Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty
The people like ¡°Damn, that¡¯s a cold ass honkey¡±
Rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine
Dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green
Draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me
Probably should've washed this, smells like R. Kelly sheets
(Pissssss...) But shit, it was 99 cents!
Fuck it, coppin' it, washin' it, ¡®bout to  go and get some compliments
Passing up on those moccasins someone else has been walking in
Bummy and grungy, fuck it man, I am stunting and flossing and
Saving my money and I¡¯m hella happy, that¡¯s a bargain, bitch
I¡¯ma take your grandpa's style, I¡¯ma take your grandpa's style
No for real, ask your grandpa, " Can I have his hand-me-downs?" (Thank you!)
Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers
Dookie brown leather jacket that I found digging
They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard
I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board
Hello, hello, my ace man, my mellow
John Wayne ain¡¯t got nothing on my fringe game, hell no
I could take some Pro Wings, make them cool, sell those
The sneaker heads would be like ¡°Ah, he got the Velcros¡±
What you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin?
What you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin?
I¡¯m digging, I¡¯m digging, I¡¯m searching right through that luggage
One man¡¯s trash, that¡¯s another man¡¯s come up
Thank your granddad for donating that plaid button-
Up shirt, cause right now, I¡¯m up in here stuntin'
I¡¯m at the Goodwill, you  can find me in the bins
I¡¯m not, I¡¯m not stuck on searchin' in that section (Mens)
Your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy
I¡¯ll take those flannel zebra jammies, second hand and I¡¯ll rock that motherfucker
The built-in onesie with the socks on the motherfucker
I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker
They be like ¡°Oh that Gucci, that¡¯s hella tight¡±
I¡¯m like ¡°Yo, that¡¯s fifty dollars for a t-shirt¡±
Limited edition, let¡¯s do some simple addition
Fifty dollars for a t-shirt, that¡¯s just some ignorant bitch shit
I call that getting swindled and pimped, shit
I call that getting tricked by business
That shirt¡¯s hella dough
And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don¡¯t
Peep game, come take a look through my telescope
Trying to get girls from a brand?
Man you hella won¡¯t, man you hella won't
I wear your granddad's clothes, I look incredible
I¡¯m in this big ass coat from that  thrift  shop down the road
"Is that your grandma's coat?"