This time of night I could call you up
I'd get angry with athletic ease, break common laws in twos and threes
If I die clutching your photograph
Don't call me boring, It's just 'cause I like you
Oh take me on back...
Take me on back... take me back
To the place where I could feel your heart
Is this the end or just the start of
Something really, really beautiful
Wrapped up and disguised as something really, really ugly

Won't you...

Come by and see me, I'm a love letter away
I'd break your name before I'd say: I really love you, love you
No, I don't care if you saw, I watched every inch of film
Flash across your Roman features,
And I loved it, loved it, no I don't care if

You think I'm eager to shut your eyes, well
I'm sorry - everybody knows you can't break me with your gutter prose
Would you believe it, she sent me a letter,
The ring, it nearly weighs her down, she's got another boy, oh boy
Steady your ears...
Steady your ears... and read my lips
Poetry is not a luxury, it's how I'll break this home
And when I'm really ill, won't you cradle me?
Man is not a noble animal, but maybe woman is, remember,

I heard you...

Inside your room, you said: You never really live
Until your back's against the wall, oh did you really mean it?
No, I never break my gaze, if just to see this scar remain reflected in your eyes
I think it's time to go home

GUITAR SOLO

Oh, tell me your thoughts, tell me your thoughts on liberty,
See there's a place where I sink to sleeping
She said 'Oh, my vote is as red as my blood'
Will you join me for another round? I haven't had the chance to speak yet

God speed...

I break the law once every week to feel your touch,
What's a book to you in bed? Do you feel better, older?
Say: This just makes me ill, your name is dripping from my pen
Still you're not around to curse,
I've gotta drop the gun now, I'm still under you...

Marianne, let the ghosts sleep tonight.
Marianne, let the ghosts sleep, just shut your eyes and burn the past

Marianne, let the ghosts sleep tonight.
Marianne, let the ghosts sleep, just shut your eyes and burn the past

Marianne, let the ghosts sleep tonight.
Marianne, let the ghosts sleep, just shut your eyes and burn the past

Marianne, let the ghosts sleep tonight.
Marianne, let the ghosts sleep, just shut your eyes and burn the past away