Yeah, uh huh
La da da da da da
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry!

Hey, baby my nose is getting big?
I noticed it be growing when I been telling them fibs
Now you say your trust's getting weaker
Probably cuz my lies just started getting deeper
And the reason for my confession is that I learn my lesson
And I really think you ought to know the truth
Because I lied and I cheated and I lied a little more
But after I did it I don't know what I did it for
I admit that I have been a little immature
Fuckin' with your heart like I was the Predator
In my book of lies I was the editor
And the author, I forged my signature
And now I apologize for what I did to ya
Cuz what you did to me I did to you

No, no, no, no baby
No, no, no, no don't lie
Cuz no, no, no, no, yeah
You know, know, know, know, you gotta try
What you gonna do when it all comes out?
When I really see you, what you're all about?

No, no, no, no baby
No, no, no, no don't lie
'Cause you know, you know, you know
You know, you know you gotta try
(Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, lying!)

She said, I'm leaving...
Cuz she can't take the pain
It's hard to continue this love, it ain't the same
Can't forget the things that I've done inside her brain
Too many lies committed, too many games
She feeling like a fool getting on the last train
Trying to maintain but the feeling won't change
I'm sorry for the things that I've done and what I became
Caught up in living my life in the fast lane
Blinded by lights, cameras, she know the fame
I don't know the reason why I did these things
Ooooo ohhh, and I lie and I lie and I lie and I lie...
And now our emotions are drained
Cuz I lie and I lie and a little lie lie
And now your emotions are drained...

No, no, no, no baby, no, no
No, no don't lie (No, don't you lie)
Cuz no, no, no, no, yeah
You know, know, know, know, you gotta try (Got to try, got to try)
What you gonna do when it all comes out?
(What you gonna do baby?) When I really see you and what you're all about?

No, no, no, no baby
No, no, no, no don't lie
Because you know, you know, you know
You know, you know you gotta try

Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo
Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo
Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo
Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo

Ooh hoo ooo ooo, ooh hoo ooo (Ba da, ba da, ba ba ba ba)
(Badada badada badada badada) Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo
Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo (Ba da, ba da, ba ba ba ba)
(badada badada badada badada) Ooh hoo ooo hoo, ooh hoo ooo

Yo, I'm lying to my girl
Even though I love her and she all in my world
I give her all my attention and diamonds and pearls
She the one who makes me feel on top of the world
Still I'm lying to my girl, I do it
And I lie and I lie and I lie and (...I lie)
'Til there's no turning back
I don't know why... (And I lie and I lie)
'Til I don't know who I am, then I tell myself...

No, no, no, no baby
No, no, no, no don't lie (Don't you lie)
No, no, no, no, yeah, you know, know
You know, know you gotta try (You know, you know you gotta)
What you gonna do when it all comes out?
When I really see you, what you're all about?
No, no, no, no baby
No, no, no, no don't lie
No, no, no, no baby, no, no, no, no
Stop, stop stop, stop, stop, stop, stop lying!
sei chato!