Peanut Butter Jelly (PBJ)T.I.TIP teams up with frequent collaborators Young Dro and Young Thug, as well as proven hitmaker, London On Da Track, to bring us yet another banger about money, clothes, and hoes.

Peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly, peanut butter jelly
Peanut butter jelly, no deli
I got money, check the store credit
No new names unless you know they did it
Sleep in panties(?), watch it happen

I got the bread, I'm keepin' bread
I'm gettin' fast like a track
Mil I want that
Baby that cap's for the feds
Now that your ho, don't tell all the secrets
I don't give no damn bout no nigga
I don't give no fuck bout no nigga
I promise, I promise
I throw me some ones on these bitches
I stack them hundreds to the ceiling
They over there runnin'
I look like I came from nothin'
And I look like I came for somethin'
And I'm comin', I want it
Yeah, I drink on that lean and I smoke on that dope til I motherfuckin' vomit

Run up that check, give a fuck bout that shit
I guess I go to jail if I want that lil bitch
They kept me with my strap on my own, that lil bitch
I don't answer no questions, want speak with my lawyer
Tell your boss I said where my phone call, that's it
A lot of nigga shit, talkin' you don't ever get paid
Remember me, I've been bout it (?) 10th grade
Ridin' round in my homeboy Buick
With a tool in the unit
We'd go to school, eat lunch
Cut school, get back to it, nigga
Listen nigga, this the Bankroll Mob
If you can't go hard then you can't come here
Let me make somethin' clear
If you lookin' for a sucker well it ain't none here
Look we got artillery for days, we can spray from here
Hit your ass on the side of the face somewhere
On the side of the road, let you lay somewhere

Okay, big paper
If I'm hungry, I eat 100 dollars then shit paper
Sick flavor
Got the white double mint twin with me on Simpson, (?)
Swag impeccable, peckin' a (?)
Cases federal
I'm a felon, don't throw it off, I need medical
Oh you regular, terrible, soft, and lame, etcetera
(?) my nigga, I wanna clap for twenty bricks
In the regal, pullin' up at the ridge, extended heater
(?) I got this shit on
I'm (?) man I got this shit on
Nigga you die soon as I say okay
My whip? That's strawberry Yoplait
I got a chopper on the charger
You put a little gas in it, that motherfucker blow about 4 days
Niggas broke
And I've been leanin' on Ac' all in (?)
And I've been smokin' on gas all (?)
Pullin' up at the light no tag on
AK hit everybody in the stomach, pussy nigga shit
Bag all day

I got the bread
Ya'll bitch'll give me the head
Fuck her on the sofa, not the bed
Hit that lil bitch from the back
And I take out with your pack
And I'm not givin' it back
I done lost all my respect
Don't drink no red, we pour Act
Sippin' on lean, it's so crazy
I ride out that second, I swear I don't know how to act
Keep it goin' Energizer bunny, (?), so-so with these carrots
My bitch the baddest, but she not your average
She so, so arrogant, woah
Her titties calcium, my booty calories
And both of 'em squish me, God damn we savages
I do this shit for my momma
Take off with your pack and keep runnin'
I'm not the Birdman but I'm stunnin'
I flip that bitch like a omelet
I've been with ya from the start
I did that shit from my heart
I'm so so so sorry I hurt you
And I see the scar but you know I'm retarded

[Young Thug