They're playing basketball (Uh, all around the world)
We love that basketball (Uh, to the beat y'all)

They're playing basketball (Let's go, all around the world)
We love that basketball (Y'all know, this is...)

(So, So, Def!) They're playin basketball
(To the beat y'all) We love that basketball

(Yeah) They're playing basketball
We love that basketball (Yeahhhhhhhhhhh)

Now basketball is my favorite sport (Uh-uh)
I like the way they dribble up and down the court (C'mon)
I keep it so fresh on the mircophone
I like no interuption when the game is on (Game is on)
I like slam dunk that take me to the hoop (Yeah)
My favorite play is the alioop (Uh-uh)
I like the pick and roll, I like the give and go
And it's basketball Bow Wow, let's go! (Bow Wow, let's go!)

They're playing basketball (Uh, all around the world)
We love that basketball (Yeah, to the beat y'all)

They're playing basketball (Yeah...)
We love that basketball

Yeah... (Whassup?)
Yo, I got the rock in my hands
There ain't no tellin what I'm gonna do wit it
When i got possession I'm gonna have to fool wit it
I might cross you up and fake one way
Turn around and hit you wit the MJ fade-away
I throwin down passes like J-Kidd
Taking cats to the rack and I'm dunkin over them like T-Mac
When I'm in the paint I play wit that Alonzo style
I'm like darious cuz I can shoot 2 miles

Don't too many players get offers like me
I'm back-n-forth likely, shake the checks off your nikes
They almost had me in a suit at the draft
Cuz it look like a freethrow when I be shootin from half
The first step like Iverson, blow pass you
He'll leave nuthin but net, but I can go blast too
When I'm in the paint the defense so shook
They don't know if I'm gonna put up a slow hook or dish up a no-look
See my game consist of whole lotta...
Moves you would think I learned from the Harlem Globe Trotters
JD gonna lead us to a ring
Fab and Bow Wow is the only players that makes the cheerleaders wanna sing

They're playing basketball (Yeah, put it all... Put it all, put it all now)
We love that basketball (Put it all, put it all, put it all now)
(Put it all, put it all, put it all now)
They're playing basketball (Yeah)
We love that basketball

No-no-no-now tell me were you in the joint?
The night MJ scored 63 points
When the Lakers won titles back-to-back (Yeah)
Didn't give nobody no kind of slack
When Vince Carter came stuck his arm in the rim
Everybody went crazy in the whole damn gym (Hahaha)
Dikembe Mutumbo standing tall
Playing D wit desire, it's basketball, sing!

They're playing basketball (Uh, all around the world)
We love that basketball
(Put it all, put it all, put it all now)
They're playing basketball (All around the world)
We love that basketball
(Put it all, put it all, put it all now)
They're playing basketball (Uh, all around the world)
We love that basketball
(Put it all, put it all, put it all now)
They're playing basketball
We love that basketball