All day, nigga

All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many hoes do you got on call? All day, nigga
H-how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how how long you been high? All day, nigga
From the city

Y'all already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

It's Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter, and it's just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
From the Jesus piece, man I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei nigga
Told him I've been on ten since 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
You better watch what you say to me
People still gettin' popped on the day to day
Still got the 100 with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with you
You a Rico Suave nigga
Drive around listening to Sade nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way nigga

Your bitch got an ass but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah the dropout at it as always nigga

At [?] in a sweet bread, and I reach into my head
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I disperse (All day!)
At that moment I disperse (All day!)

All day nigga
How long y'all playas ball? All day nigga
How much time y'all spent at the mall? All day nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day nigga

Tell your P.O. how how long you been high? All day nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died
And I keep a bad chick on the passenger side
Y'all already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

I could do this all day, boy, I'm 'bout to turn this bitch out
That nigga Ye in the streets, boy, there's never really been a drought
[?] late, boy, you know I still go wild
I'm like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house
Right now, lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' paid, Forrest Gump right now
Sail out to [?] I need to stunt right now
I've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, whoo, that's us right now

24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
People lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
Screamin, \