C'mon and light the fuse, he's a rocket and he's ready to go
'Cause now the countdown has started and he's ready to blow
He's got the dope sounds pumpin in a stereo (-ego!)
Kick'n ass fast... puttin' on a show

Go on and get yourself together, there's no time to rest
And if you put the time in he'll put you to the test
He's like a runnin' man, in his world more is less
And if you wanna test him best bring your best

Don't make me spell it out, bring your best!
()

In this world (His world!) Where life is strong
In this world (His world!) Life's an open book
In this world (His world!) Where compromise does not exist
In his world of worlds, every step meets the rest!
In this world (His world!) Where one is all
In this world (His world!) Never fear the fall
In this world (His world!) Where compromise does not exist

In his world of worlds, every step meets the rest!
(2)
runnin' it back again, well what'dja expect?
Comin' out to win ten out of ten, got a real rough neck

Spikes up it's slippery he straps on his shoes
'Cause he's the best there ever was, haven't you heard the news?
Intergalactic continental champ, running things
Hyperactive instrumental and pulling strings

he is the one who understands when the tides will swing
So he's breaking down doors, never following

C'mon and psyche yourself up, 'cause it's time to play
Bounce to the beats and the rhymes 'cause they're here to stay
The one and only marathon man livin' the day
Movin' up, commin' fast, and he'll blow you away
Because the pressures of this world they can take the toll
And it's time to get away when we take ahold
The only way to break free is to break the mold

You can't stop now, lock and load
Don't stop now, c'mon, rock n' roll!
()
In this world (His world!) (Gotta make your own way!) Where life is strong

In this world (His world!) (Life is just a game you play!) Life's an open book
In this world (His world!) (Nothing's forever here to stay!) Where compromise does
not exist
In his world of worlds, every step meets the rest!

In this world (His world!) (Gotta make your own way!) Where one is all
In this world (His world!) (Life is just a game you play!) Never fear the fall
In this world (His world!) (Nothing's forever here to stay!) Where compromise does
not exist
In his world of worlds, every step meets the rest!
(Bridge)
Light the fuse on his rocket and he's ready to go
'Cause now the countdown has started and he's ready to blow (to blow... to blow...)
(In his world...! where one is all!)
Intergalactic continental champ, running things
Hyperactive instrumental with pulling strings
(In his world...! Never fear the fall!)
(Ending)
(In his world...!) The only way to break free is to break the mold
You can't stop now, lock and load
(His world...!) I said you can't stop now, lock and load
(His world...!) Don't stop now, c'mon and rock and roll!