Hello? Yeah, I just walked in
Yeah, I'm good. you still working?
Tonight... right now? Did I go out? Yeah, I went out
I went. I went to a couple of clubs
I never went to bed, shit. wine or water
You said something about a cold drink?
I don't know, I'm delirious.

Cups of the Rosé, bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home, I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try is happy with a good guy
But I've been drinking so much that I'mma call her anyway and say

Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up, I know he's not around

(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just saying you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately?
I'm just saying you could do better
And I'll start hating only if you make me

Uh, cups of the XO, all my people been here
I see all of her friends here guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flights in the morning, what you doing that's so important?
I've been drinking so much that I'mma call you anyway and say

Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you picked up, I know he's not around

(Are you drunk right now?)
I'm just saying you could do better
Tell me have you heard that lately?
I'm just saying you could do better
And I'll start hating only if you make me

I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sitting talking 'bout bitches that we almost had
I don't think I'm conscious of making
Monsters outta the women I sponsor 'til it all goes bad
But shit, it's all good
We threw a party, yeah, we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party
I was just calling cause they were just leaving
Talk to me please don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women that's living off me
Paid for their flights and hotels, I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while, girl, they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week: I'll explain
Having a hard time adjusting to fame
Sprite in that mixture, I've been talking crazy, girl
I'm lucky that you picked up, lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on, \