Good times, good times
There's gonna be good times, good times
I know there's gonna be...
Good times, turn up a little more (slimeball)
(Got Actavis in this bitch with me)
(Hey he runnin' up all the money)

[Hook:]
I know there's good times, there's gonna be good times
There's gonna be good times, there's gonna be good...

Good times, there's gon' be some good times
Remember we used to pull up and let 'em fight? That's that hood time
Remember when I used to grab on that ass when nobody would time?
Yeah if that bitch walk up trippin' she get that mush time
I don't waste time, I don't waste time
I don't have patience, baby
She gon' get on top of this dick
And she gon' squish it like squish, then go fast, she Speed Racer
We gon' ball, Walter Payton
She my boss like I'm Prince's son
Come here bae, I'm molesting
I let her write me my suggestions
Pop quiz, it's a pop quiz
All my money comin' clean, you can't pop this
She got that pussy locked up like locksmith
Watch her come to my lights like a reindeer
Me and Poppy on the same pills
My diamonds could never stand still
Where you goin'? Can you come here?
I'll always take you back for your sex appeal
Every time I see your face, bae it's a...

[Hook x2:]
I know there's good times, there's gonna be good times
There's gonna be good times, there's gonna be good...

Bang bang, I do this shit forreal, you did what I'm sayin'? I say what I dig, you know, bro? And therefore...

I'ma ride in that pussy like a stroller
I'll survive in a mothafuckin' gutter
That's my mothafuckin' woadie, like the Noila
And I'm comin' red like Coke-Cola
I'ma have a very good time
I swear to God I can't never sound like lil shorty
She say she likes all of her nigga's rhymes
Where is my phone? That pussy callin'
I want you to pass it to Thugger Thugger
Even in the summer time me and lil shawty cuddle
I swear to God I'mma tell you, you don't got to struggle
Baby girl sit it down, you not known like an usher
I told lil' mama I don't bite but my teeth do
I wanna control you like voodoo
I'm steady screaming free Unfunk and DuLu
Every time I have a good time Duke do too
Every time I see you, aye, you see me

[Hook x2:]
I know there's good times, there's gonna be good times
There's gonna be good times, there's gonna be good...
