I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as wed like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight

Farewell miss I know that you can care less
But I'm sorry for everything I was careless
But I need you to know that I love you so much
And I've been drinking myself to sleep my souls crushed
A couple more shots I know I'm gonna go nuts
I can't deal with the fact you left me with no crutch
I was in love with you how could you do this to me
Actually I did this to myself, what a tragedy!
And now what do I do?
Where do I go?
Cuz everywhere I go I see your face
Its hard starting over
Trying to find another shoulder
To lean on
I feel like my whole life just got peed on
They say time heals but dammit I wanna stop time and feel this pain
As crazy as it sounds to me its sane
And I like it, why? cuz I feel like were still united

In some weird way I don't wanna fight it

I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as wed like

All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight

I wrote you the other day and you didn't write back!
Its like that!? after all the crap we been through!?
I can't believe you! I know I fucked up!
But look within you and find some love and stop being stuck up!
You keep sending me to voicemail!
I'm annoyed, hell!, shit you coulda atleast sent a text
But your probably busy kissing someone elses lips
While I'm sitting here cleaning my shoes from this shit!
You're hard headed a sharp headache
I need help call a medic
I just cut myself, yea I did it
Without you I'm nothing don't you get it!?
Everytime that I said I loved you I meant it!
You turn and tell me you hate me and regret that

We ever met, I cant believe you just said that
You're so cold you just hit me so low
I cant take this nomo so hit the road

I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as wed like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight

Some things just don't seem the way they do
One day you tell me I love you and only you
I wake up to find out it was a dream

You're telling you hate me, you're leaving me
People change everything changes
We go from best friends then become strangers
We go from seeing eachother everyday then
Farewell to never seeing your face again

I cant get you outta of my head
So I'm out of bed at 4 in the morning
Wishing I was dead
But for some odd reason I cant do it
For some reason I needed to write
Whats on my mind and whats going through it
Cuz if I don't ill prolly suffocate
Why do you have so much hate
Towards me you need some loving babe
God I fuckin love you I hate myself
For falling in love with you
Just to find out all I did was trouble you
My heart is aching I'm medicated
I tried meditating
But nothing works I don't even feel sedated
I wish you could feel what I feel for one second
I wreckon you would jump out your window bare naked
Fuck humiliation, you do anything to get me back
Opinions wouldn't matter what they thought in fact
You would tell everyone to fuck themselves good
And do everything to have me if you could
I don't wanna say goodbye
But sometimes things just don't go as wed like
All I wanna do is cry
Say my farewells pack up and leave tonight