[King Mez:]
Where you at? where you from?
What you doing over here motherfucker?
Whatchu think? what you bang?
This ain't your motherfuckin gang

[King Mez:]
Now I ain't never been no gangsta
But I know niggas know niggas from the darkside
There's some cold killas cold niggas
My nigga used to roll with us roll with us
Married to the more money more women
Now I ain't ever been the one to pull a gun on you
But you know who got 'em
No I never sell no drugs homie but I know who got 'em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me but I know who got 'em
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry to night if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you is just another Friday night
Got a nigga for the car tonight
With the bible right beside that pile of white
That's what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)

[Dr. Dre:]
Now please don't give me a reason
Cause I know you wanna keep breathing, this evening
I've been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That I'm the motherfucking one to breed them and lead 'em
In a league my own, you ain't even made it up to my throne
You ain't even authorised for this song
Might be best for you to get gone
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong in this song
I have tried my best to be calm
Please don't make me grab that phone
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
30 years in this bitch and I'm still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing something right
Word to my nigga Eazy

[Eazy-E:]
Eazy-E CPT OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)

[Gone]

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

[Dr. Dre:]
I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars LA has ever seen
People been telling me I've grown into some kind of monster
But they don't know me though I've been this way since 17
Tryna get finances poppin', man I thought that was the object
To some of my niggas lost they life and then that goes the team
My only dream was holding us down like fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
It's your choice, I took this industry by storm young and black
Killing them softly, don't ever call me fortunate
You don't know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me homie
We ain't even talking fuck that energy, fuck up off me

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

[Kendrick Lamar:]
You look at my lifestyle, I'm living my life now
I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
I'm fuckin' with Ice now
I'm fucking with shit you can only get on an oversea flight now
You scare of my heist now
But still I got enemies giving me energy I wanna fight now
Subliminally sent to me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think I'm too hood in my video?
But really no clue you idiot
I just can't help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then you hang yourself
Cause I got the Beem in gold, with a million sold
Like 19 more, from a dollar fit
But without all the diamonds though
To you I'm just another nigga

[Marsha Ambrosius:]
It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone
