N-n-now, honey
You better sit down and look around
'Cause you must've bumped yo' head
And I love you enough to talk some sense back into you, baby

I'd hate to see you come home
Me, the kids, and the dog is gone
Check my credentials
I give you everything you want, everything you need
Even your friends say I'm a good woman
All I need to know is why?

Why don't you love me? (love me?)
Tell me, baby, why don't you love me (why don't you)
(Love me) When I make me so damn easy to love? (to love?)

(Why-why-why-why) And why don't you need me? (need me?)
Tell me, baby, why (why) don't you need me (don't you need me)
When I make me so damn easy to need? (to need? Uhn, to)

(Uhn) I got beauty, I got class
I got style and I got ass (hum)
And you don't even care to care... (looka here)

I even put money in the bank account
Don't have to ask no one to help me o-out
You don't even notice that (that)...

Why don't you love me? (love me?)
Tell me, baby, why don't you love me (why don't you)
(Love me) When I make me so damn easy to love? (easy to love)

(Lo-love to love me? Hey, yeah! Love me) Why don't you need me?
Tell me, baby, why don't you need me
When I make me so damn easy to need? (oh-uh-oh-uuuuh)

I got beauty, I got heart
Keep my head in them books, I'm sharp
But you don't care to know I'm smart
(N-n-n-n-n-no)

I got moves in your bedroom
Keep you happy with the nasty things I do
But you don't seem to be in tune (oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)

Why don't you love me? (love me?)
Tell me, baby, why don't you love me (why don't you)
(Love me) I make me so damn easy to love? (easy to love lo-lo-love)

Why don't you need me? (need me?)
Tell me, baby, why don't you need me
When I make me so damn easy to need? (There's nothing not to love)
(About me) There's nothing not to love about me (about me)
No, no, there's nothing not to love (no no) about me (to love)
(About me) I'm lovely
There's nothing not to need about (not to) me
No, no, (about me) there's nothing not to need about (not to) me (about me)
Maybe you're just not the one
Or maybe you're just plain...
Dumb (dumb-dumb-dumb)