And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter
It don't matter
I don't mind cause you don't matter
I don't mind cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter)
You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old is forever
Something that's old is forever
Love
Love
Love

Love

Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it.

We made it, baby!
As we speak the last sample just cleared.

Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit.
Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit.
I gotta do my thank you's man.
I didn't have enough time to turn my thank you's for the artwork, so fuck it.
I'm a do it right now

This is the credits.
This is role credits nigga, if you don't wanna sit through the credits get your
ass up and walk out the movie theatre.
First and foremost my entire Dreamville team, thank you man.
Before that I'm buggin, thank you God!

Oh my God.

Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing
Thank you God.
Thank my Dreamville family.
Mez who fuckin' sleep right now, that nigga ain't even recording this thing right
now.
Nigga's been working' hard man, Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed
this shit.
Ib what up.
El Presidente what up!
We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga!
I don't give a fuck if we sell 3 copies nigga, we killed this shit nigga!
My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real.
Ron Gilmore, my nigga.
Yes, Camille, yes that's my sister.
Casey, that's like a father figure right there, Casey.
My brother Ced, wow, we done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga Gray Street.
My nigga Felton, you killed it, you killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga and
you killed this one too man.
I shoulda been coming to you man.
You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real.
My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity, you already know where he at right now posted up somewhere
in D.
R.
My nigga RJ Trump Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread, you know what it is man.
My nigga Diz, I see you, I see your vision, I believe in you.
I love y'all niggas.
Big D, thank you man for real. (Teddy what up) (Shotgun) We believe in y'all, (Proof!)
you and the fiends, my nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it nigga!
(Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'.
Keep goin', the sky is the limit.
Fuck that, man, Super Mooking Fiends.
It's Super Mooking Fiends nigga!

My nigga Depp, you know what I mean?
Razzle Dazzle, Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite what up!
What up man, my nigga Reagan put in them hours!

My nigga Omen, man, Elephant Eyes, that shit is a confirmed classic, man.
Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'.
Yo Elijah!

Aye if we go diamond, nigga you got the triple crown, man.
First 50, then Usher, nigga you fuckin' out of here.
But we might go wood though.
Nervous Wreck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you. (At least go silver)
Filthy, I love you too, man.
I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you.
Yo shout to the young niggas, man.
Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man, we feel so grateful
Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga.

I be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man.

I've been livin' with that shit for like the past 4 days, I finally got a chance
to slow down.
That shit is a classic, my nigga.
Congratulations to you.
We don't give a fuck what it sold, I don't even know what that shit sold to tell

you the truth, man.
And I'm proud of you, man.
I'm proud of you and your homeboys.
Y'all it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow.
I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than we did!
I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time.
Shout out to the whole committee, man.

Tone, Meez, what up.
My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man?
Treat them boys right, man
Everybody that was involved in makin' this album, my nigga Jack who's at the board
right now, what's up man!?
Yo you made the album, man!
We gon' live forever, man!
You gotta loop the beat up right now though cause it can't...
okay Raff, Rugged Raff, Perfect Sound Studios, LA we couldn't have did it without
you.
My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS, Kaye Fox came through and killed
it.
My nigga Quick with the clean versions, Vinylz killed that beat!
My nigga Phonix, oh that beat is hard!
Dahi brought that beat, who does that?
Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you man, and Willie B, I never met you, but you did

the beat.!
llmind you killed the beat, Social Experiment, my nigga Jeff on the guitar, you
know what I mean?
Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man!
We gon' pay you.
Hey, the horn players that came through, I don't know y'all names but y'all killed

that shit, man, we was lovin' that shit!

Shout out to all the girls on the mothafuckin' strings.
We appreciate it.
Guess that shit a little wild, I ain't gon' lie.
Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with Wreck-It-Raph.
But it's all good, we still killed it though.

And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you, y'all be tryin' to give
a nigga a hard time on the samples, man!

I'm a go to the fuckin' Supreme Court and try to make this shit easier for niggas
like me to clear these samples, man.
If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art, and you put it into the world
I should be able to use it however the fuck I want.
I'm a pay you, I'm a give you a percentage, but you shouldn't be able to tell me
I can't use it.
Ya, that's fuckin'...

that's fucked up nigga.
You was inspired by the world allow the world to be inspired by your shit, and to
use your shit.

So all them people like or whoever that don't let niggas use they shit, fuck that
man.
It's 2014, 2015 by the time you might hear this shit.
Fuck that man we movin' on

Man, shout out Drizzy Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Wale, I'm so happy to be peers with
y'all niggas and consider y'all niggas friends.
And I'm sorry I had to come snatch the crown right quick.
I had to do it to show niggas it ain't no more motherfuckin' crowns man.

We gotta be the example, we gotta show these niggas man, it's love at the top.
Can't you believe, it's crazy to believe we sitting right here in these mother fuckin'
seats right now.
15 years ago we was lookin' at these niggas like \