"That's the shit I'm talking 'bout though, like you changed up, you don't even fuckin' link nobody no more, you just dash me 'way like a cyattie. Yo, you cheesed me dog."

Always felt like my vision been bigger than the bigger picture
Crazy how you gotta wait until it's dark out to see who really with you
Crazy how even when it miss ya, shit'll come back around and get ya
Crazy like all my niggas, crazy like all my niggas
Remember I deleted all my other girls numbers out the phone for you?
Remember when you had to take the BAR exam, I drove in the snow for you
Yeah, you probably don't remember half the shit a nigga did for you

Ya, you ain't really fuck with me way back then girl, how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now
Aw, you thought you had it all figured out back then girl, how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now
Yeah, you thought the little effort that you put in was enough girl, how 'bout now?
Yeah, Girl how 'bout now? How 'bout now girl?
What about now girl? How 'bout now?

(My Heart Belongs To You)

Yeah, Always been daddy's little angel
I bought your dad a bunch of shit for Christmas, he ain't even say thank you
I had no money, left from back when I was focused on the music
I used to always try and burn you CDs of my new shit
You be like "who's this?"
I be like "me, girl."
You be like "oh word, true shit?"
Then ask if we could listen to Ludacris
Them car rides made me feel like I was losing it
Yeah, made me feel like I ain't have it like that,
I was average like that
Started drinking way more than I used to
People form habits like that, girl
Yeah, man enough to tell you I was hurt that year
I'm not even Christian I still went to church that year
Guess I just had to pretend that year
I ain't even see my friends that year
Places that I should've been
You ain't really fuck with me way back then but how 'bout now?

Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now
Aw, you thought you had it all figured out back then girl, how 'bout now?
Cause I'm up right now and you suck right now
Yeah, you thought the little effort that you put in was enough girl, how 'bout now?
Yeah, girl how 'bout now? How 'bout now girl?
What about now girl? How 'bout now?

(My Heart Belongs To You)
(Whatever You Need, There's Nothing I Won't Do) [x4]