Haha, yeah, I'mma let it ride
I'm just tryna know you better

Let's start with the basics, your in seam, what your waist is?
Nail color, shoe size, what designer's your favorite?
Trick dollar, I plays this, couple niggas you played with
Kenzo, gift bags for all the bitches you came with
These niggas on the same shit, Red Lobster, red bottom
Sell dope, dough fake; next day fed's got 'em
Rrrrah, but I'm still here, you see I'm still here
A lot of niggas just came and went but at least you know that it's real here
Fly you down to where the Heat go, lay you out to where the beach go
Jet ski, parasail, yacht as big as my ego (wooh!)
Heart cold as ever, but i can show you better
If we're gonna roll together, I gotta get to know you better

Tell me what's your name, tell me, tell what's your sign
Tell me what you into, tell me, tell what you like
If you were rich tomorrow tell me what would you do with it?
And if you could see the future, baby do you see me in it?
Would you date me for a minute, girl before you let me hit it?
Are you single? are you taken? working towards your education?
I'm just askin, I'm just sayin, what's your current situation?
Cause I see you 'cross the room and you the baddest in the building, what's up?

See I don't wanna get into your draws yet (oh yeah)
Are you one of them girls that's askin' where the bread's at? (Oh yeah)
See first I need to know the way your head at
Before you give me some (heh, I'm playin')


I'm just tryin' to know you, better
I'm just tryin' to know you, yeah
I'm just tryin' to know you, better
I'm just tryin' to know you, yeah-eah-eah
If I told you my secret, shawty would you keep it?
Are you the type to kiss me right after I eat it, yeah?
I'm just tryin' to know you better

Tell me where you goin', tell me, tell me where you from
Are you a smoker or a drinker? Are you none of the above?
Are you more domesticated? Do you love to hit the club?
Tell me do you like to fuck, or do you just like making love?
Tell me do you have some kids? And if so girl, how many?
And if not, then shawty tell me, can I be your baby daddy?
I'm just playin less you let me, I won't know unless you tell me
I just gotta ask cause girl you super bad
What's up?

Niceee...
Are you single? Are you datin'? Is it kinda complicated?
Did you hear that time is money, are you bein' compensated?
Did you fuck first night and spent the next day contemplatin'?
Did you focus givin' head? Baby were you concentratin'?
These the things I wanna know... do I really wanna know?
In a time where everybody's high and nothing's on the low
And the always on the go, snappin' pictures in Miami
Swear you take the best pictures, you should win a Instagrammy
And I give her compliments while wonderin' who bought her that
Let her do that thing I like, wonderin' who taught her that
Wanna know you better (know you better), but I know better (I know better)
Cause I left her (I left her), then O met her