No, I ain't tryna flex, no ceilings you can see who's in it, oh.
If we're talking about sex, (girl you gone think) girl, you know that I invented that
And I'm onto the next, that's unless you bring a friend who with it.

[Pre-Chorus:]
Oh, I'm sorry, oh, you mad that I came to the party?
Like, no no no
You took your girl to the club and now she gone-on-on.
Now she asking me when I'm taking her home-ome-ome.
I told her "let's go" long as you know
Cause I know, when we get alone

[Chorus 1 - Trey Songz:]
I'm touchin' you tonight, I'm lovin' you tonight (Wait nope)
I'm fuckin' you, girl, you must be used to spendin', putting in that time
Touchin', lovin', fuckin', can't make up my mind
I'm lovin' you. (Wait nope) I'm fuckin' you tonight

[Verse 2 - Trey Songz:]
Girl you fuckin' with the best
Take a picture while I'm deep up in it
Oh, and if they living right next
Then I bet they know my name in a minute
Let me feel your body sweat, I promise I'll keep your body dripping

[Pre-Chorus:]
Oh, I'm sorry, Nigga's mad cause' I came to the party.
Like, no no no
You took your girl to the club and now she gone-on-on
Now she asking me when I'm taking her home-ome-ome
I told her "let's go" long as you know
Cause I know, when we get alone

[Chorus 1:]
I'm touchin' you tonight, I'm lovin' you tonight (Wait nope)
I'm fuckin' you, girl, you must be used to spendin', putting in that time
Touchin', lovin', fuckin', can't make up my mind
I'm lovin' you. (Wait nope) I'm fuckin' you tonight

[Verse 3 - Nicki Minaj:]
Sometimes I tell 'em I love 'em because I just wanna fuck 'em
I never love 'em, I cuff 'em and when we done I'm a duck 'em
He Ferragamo the buckle, he Louis V on the duffel
The pussy wetter than puddles, I ride his dick like a shuttle
I said real niggas let real bitches cum first
And real bitches been bad bitches from birth
Uh, k-k-kiss him when he cumming
M-m-make more money last year than Mister Drummond
Oh-oh-oh, he like it when I ride it slow

[Chorus 2 - Trey Songz:]
I'm touchin' you tonight, I'm lovin' you tonight (Wait nope)
I'm fuckin' you, girl
You must be used to spendin', putting in that time
Touchin', lovin', fuckin', can't make up my mind
Nicki, you know that I love ya, I'm loving you
And I really wanna touch ya, I'm fucking you tonight

[Outro - Nicki Minaj:]
[Laughs] What you mean, "wait, no", like... what?!
You better act like you know nigga, it's Nicki Minaj!
Uh huh.
