[TLC:]
Even though I...

[Chorus 1 ¡ª TLC:]
On my way, on my way, on my way down
On my way, on my way, on my way down
You're the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back 'round

[J. Cole:]
They tell me I should fix my grill cause I got money now
I ain't gon' sit around and front like I ain't thought about it
A perfect smile is more appealing but it's funny how
My shit is crooked look at how far I done got without it
I keep my twisted grill, just to show the kids it's real
We ain't picture perfect but we worth the picture still
I got smart, I got rich, and I got bitches still
And they all look like my eyebrows: thick as hell
Love yourself, girl, or nobody will
Though you're a woman, I don't know how you deal
With all the pressure to look impressive and go out in heels; I feel for you
Killing yourself to find a man that'll kill for you
You wake up, put makeup on, stare in the mirror
But it's clear that you can't face what's wrong; no need to fix
What God already put his paint brush on; your roommate yelling
"Why you gotta take so long?" What it's like to have a crooked smile
This crooked smile

[Chorus 1]

[J. Cole:]
To all the women with the flaws, know it's hard my darling
You wonder why you're lonely and your man's not calling
You keep falling victim cause you're insecure
And when I tell you that you're beautiful you can't be sure
Cause he don't seem to want you back and it's got you asking
So all you see is what you lacking, not what you packing
Take it from a man that loves what you got
And baby girl you're a star, don't let 'em tell you you're not
Now is it real? Eyebrows, fingernails, hair
Is it real? if it's not, girl you don't care
Cause what's real is something that the eyes can't see
That the hands can't touch, that them broads can't be, and that's you
Never let 'em see you frown
And if you need a friend to pick you up, I'll be around
And we can ride with the windows down, the music loud
I can tell you ain't laughed in a while, but I wanna see that crooked smile

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2 ¡ª J. Cole (TLC):]
Crooked smile, we could style on 'em (back 'round)
Crooked smile, we could style on 'em
(You're the one that was tryna keep me way down)
(But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back round...)

[J. Cole:]
We don't look nothin' like the people on the screen
You know the movie stars, picture perfect beauty queens
But we got dreams and we got the right to chase 'em
Look at the nation, that's a crooked smile braces couldn't even straighten
Seem like half the race is either on probation
Or in jail; wonder why we inhale
Cause we in hell already - I ask if my skin pale
Would I then sell like Eminem or Adele?
But one more time for the 'Ville
And fuck all of that beef shit, nigga let's make a mil'
Hey officer man, we don't want nobody getting killed
Just open up that cell, let my brother out of jail
I got money for the bail now, well now
If you asking will I tell now? Hey, hell naw - I ain't snitching cause
Man, they get them niggas stitches now
If you was around, then you wouldn't need a witness now
How you like this crooked smile?

[Chorus 1]

[Chorus 2]

[Outro ¡ª Choir:]
Ohhhhhhhhhhohoh [4x]
La-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la-la [4x]
I'm on my way, on my way, on my way down
I'm on my way, on my way, on my way down
You're the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, all you know I found my way back 'round, baby, back 'round...
You are the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you I found my way back 'round, back 'round...
You are the one that was tryna keep me way down
But like the sun, I know you know I found my way back 'round
