Yo yo, alright, i'm gonna lay the first
Here we go now.

My mom loved valium and lots of drugs
And that's why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved valium and lots of drugs
That's why I on what I on cause I'm my mom.

My mom my mom I know you're probably tired of hearing about my mom Oh ho! Whoa ho!
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty and how I became hooked on va-al-ya-hum
Valium was in everything food that I ate, The water that I drank fucking peas on
my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak, So everyday I have at least three
stomach aches
Now tell me what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under a undera-fuckin-chiever, My teacher didn't think I was
going be nothing either
What the fuck you sticking gum up under the fucking seat for?
Mrs. Mathers your son has been huffing ether, Either that or the mother fuckers been
puffing reefer
But all this huffing and puffing wasn't what it was either

It was neither I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought, Pee in a tea cup?
Bitch you aint my keeper, i'm sleeping, What the fuck you keep on fucking with me

for?
Slut you need to leave me the fuck alone I aint playing
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra.

My mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm

my mom.
Wait a minute this aint dinner this is paint thinner, You ate it yesterday I aint

hear no complaints did I?
Now here's a plate full of pain killers now just wait till I crush the Valium and
put it in your potatoes you little mother fucker ill make you sit there and make that
retarded fucking face without even tasting it, you better lick the fucking plate you

aint wasting it, Put your face in it before I throw you in the basement again
And I aint giving in, your gonna just sit there in one fucking place spinning again
till next thanksgiving and if you still aint finished it I use the same shit again
then when I make spinach dip it will be placed into shit, you little shit want to
sit there and play innocent, A rack fell and hit me at k mart and they witnessed it
child support, your father he aint sent us shit and so what if he did that aint none
of your dang business kid.
My mom there's no one else quite like my mom I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on cause.
My mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I am like I am cause I'm like her

Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm
my mom.
My mom loved Valium now all I am Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to be finished wit' me val-ium spinach But my buzz only lasts about
two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chew'in it I can't even write a rhyme without
you in it
My Valium, my vaaa-eh-elll-liummmmm maaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnn.
Man I never though that I could ever be A drug addict nah, fuck that I can't have
it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happenin, a tragedy
I'm fuckin passin it up catchin me And it's probably where I got acquainted with
the taste ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb mom, beautiful She killed the fuckin dog with the medicine
she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin aspirin and say that it has a headache
Here want a snack, you hungry you fuckin rat Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it
and take a nap
Eat it, but I don't need it, well fuck it then break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up all right Ma you win, I
don't feel like arguein
I'll do it, pop it gobble it and start wobblin Stumble hobble tumble slip drip then
I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead.
My mom love Valium and lots of drugs, That why I am like I am cause I'm like her
Because my mom love Valium and lots of drugs
That why I'm on what I'm on cause I'm my mom.
My mom i'm just like her My mom my mom my mom My mom my mom my mom, my mom, my momma
Meh mommeh, eh likah momma. Ha ha, sorry mom, still love you though Dr. dre 2010
hey this shit is hella hard homie
Yo take us on outta here.