This is why I do this shit
I think they call this, venting

Look
This is me, still the same
They want the hits, I play the game
No auto-tune, but you can feel the pain
It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein
What up, Lil' Bruh? What up, Slum Ville?
I hope you know that y'all the reason I have fun still
The fans thinking that we all signed for mil
Equal opportunity rappin', that shit is unreal
That ain't how it works, that ain't how it goes
And I been gettin' high just to balance out the lows
And I could use a writer just to balance out my flows
But I never share my thoughts this is all a nigga knows
And everytime I try, it opens up my eyes
These verses are a chance to be remembered and reprised
And I will be performin' this as long as I'm alive
So every word I utter will be mine:
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.

This feeling isn't new.

So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
Oh oh oh oh oh yeah
I never cried when Pac died
But I probably will when Hov does
And if my tears hold value
Then I will drop one for every single thing he showed us

And I'll be standing in a puddle.
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble

And I'mma keep it honest, I'm so tired of being subtle
It's just me, Forty, O and Neek standing in a huddle
Staring at the members of my team
Who get questioned about they profit
From this million dollar scheme
Just know that I'm in debt for you defending all our dreams
I hope you tell your family this shit ain't what it seems
But y'all the reason for a lot of my devotion.
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless
And know I pop bottles cuz i bottle my emotions.
At least I put it all in the open:
Dont believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.

Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isnt new.

So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
oh oh oh oh oh yeah
Look.
Fuck all y'all, we ignore feelings here

Premature millionaires
Welcome to my realest year.
Yeah, I swear that we making a killing here
I should be on top of the world just chillin' here

But it's funny having fans
Who find you before anybody ever has the chance
And build you up, so you could be the biggest in the game
And realize when you're there
sometimes the shit don't feel the same
Yeah, and plus things are just surreal at home
People think I've changed just cause my appeal has grown
And now security follows me everywhere
So I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone
I think I'm scared of what the future holds
I was wishing for some things and now am used to those.
Every girl I meet thinks im fucking groupie hoes.
The honesty of my music has left me too exposed.
All my old friends think i got a new crowd.
And people seem to notice every time I do smile.
I guess that mean they come few and far between.
Even though I'm living out what you would call the dream.
Yeah.
And my uncle aint even messaging me.
And him missing in my life is kind of messing with me.
I hope this isnt one of those forever things.
Its funny how money can change everything.:
Dont believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please dont be scared of me.
Please dont be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isnt new.
So please dont be scared of me.
Please dont be scared of me.