Gerald what the fuck is wrong, man?
Cheer the fuck up, you asshole, yeah

We fake it 'til we make it
Work while everyone doubts
I was dreamin' of award shows
While still on the couch
Fame is all so new to me
Guess I'm feelin' it out
Man the other day my grandma said she's selling the house (wait)
See I was much more bummy and less star
When my mom's unemployment check wouldn't stretch far
Wishin' that my confidence was made out of Teflon
And I could superhero, save the day, cop her next car
Coming out the Bay feels like nobody gets far
Feels like we're doomed
Like they're building a Death Star
Drink it all the way, stumble into the next bar
Rap is like the lottery, we're all tryna scratch for
But when that shit just strikes gold
You accomplish life goals
Go and get that ice froze, get paid off of nice flows
It's weird now I got money to buy nice steez
But don't look down
Get scared of heights like these

Gerald what you so sad for?
Why the hell you got the blues?
Everybody wanna be in your shoes
Gerald what you so sad for?
Everything ain't that bad
Name a reason that you got to be mad
Gerald what you so sad for?
Man stop acting like a bitch
Forgot you're all famous now and rich?
Gerald what you so sad for?
Man stop cryin', homie rap more
(Alright, well)

And in a year I went from overlooked to over-booked
You won't ever understand the work it took
Drinkin' every night to celebrate what we made
But the parties have changed
Weirdos crowd around and start acting strange
At the bar stress chain smoking cigarettes
And I don't even smoke, I know I should drink a little less
But nothing can prepare you for how crazy this business gets
Once again sad boy Gerald is in distress
So hard on myself I think I'm going insane
The mind of a perfectionist is always in pain
Should be happy I don't have to set alarms to wake up
I just tour and cake up
I should probably call home so me and moms can make up
These days the only home I know is the road
And clowns are all sad inside, or so I'm told
And the girl I'm really thinking of is states away
We'll run away and find a place to stay

Gerald what you so sad for?
Why the hell you got the blues?
Everybody wanna be in your shoes
Gerald what you so sad for?
Everything ain't that bad
Name a reason that you got to be mad
Gerald what you so sad for?
Man stop acting like a bitch
Forgot you're all famous now and rich?
Gerald what you so sad for?
This was everything you asked for