Imma rap to you real quick.
I wanna enjoy the luxury of like
not knowing each other for real. Hol' up

Lotus flower bomb, firefly
When I'm low, she take me high
I can teach you all the sounds of love

Flower bomb, let me guess your favorite fragrance
And you got that bomb, huh, I'm tryna detonate you
No disrespecting baby, just tryna make you smile
Try to keep my spirits up, that's why I lays it down
Try to keep your spirits up, lil' vodka whatever
Took you forever to get dressed, I acknowledge your effort
So I clap for her, she deserves an applause
Shawty working so hard, she deserve that Vuitton
Shawty where your baton, racing through my mind like
She heard that I got that work, I heard that she been on strike
Care to tell, I read your mind, she been on them dollars first
Caramel macchiatos when shawty get into work
I can be your boyfriend be your nigga or a friend with perks
I'm just tryna work that huh, they just tryna work your nerves
I'm just tryna read your mind, I'm just tryna feed you mine
I'm just tryna give you light, they just tryna leave you blind

We're living in a fantasy
I feel it when you dance with me
It's feeling like you need to be
My lady, my baby, yeah
Can't you see?
I'm talking about eternity
Tell me would you care to be
My lady, my baby?

Flower bomb, can I blow up on your mind
This is not no Sandra Bull, but you're Potion #9
Navigating through her eyes, destination to her thighs
And I hate to tell you too much, cuz I stay with too much pride
And we way too young to know love, maybe not but we don't need no rush
Don't believe in love at first sight, but I believe in love at first huh
Can I be with you just one night? I could wear you out inside
I could tell you like persistence, but I make you come in tri's
I just think we need one night, can't decide if I came right
Easy baby my thing tight, but that lotus flower just ain't right
I ain't thinking I ain't right, can't decide but I can't fight
Easy baby you the bomb and all, but I be damned if I do not land mine

Or at least try, can I speak up? Was it peace out? Can we eat lunch?
Can we take shots with your flavor, flat drinks we call A cups?
I just think I need one night, slightly more if it's done right
With that gorgeous face, I don't know your name, it ain't important babe cuz imma

call you Mine
We're living in a fantasy
I feel it when you dance with me
It's feeling like you need to be
My lady, my baby, yeah
Can't you see?
I'm talking about eternity
Tell me would you care to be
My lady, my baby?
Cuz you don't know who, you don't know when
If I keep stickin' baby, what's it gonna be
You don't know who, you don't know when
Let me teach you all the sounds of love
Ahhhh, ayyyyy, eeeeee, ahh ohh oooh
Baby this was for you, lotus