When I wake in the morning, I smile to myself like I'm thankin God.
Shit, no more folks like, "Jonathan, when you gonna grow up and get a job?"
Cause I made that job, no, Steve that job's kept me hungry and foolish.
It's a cooler summer dive in like Kendrick and drink some rum in the pool, bitch.
Up here's where the roof fits. Workaholic in the magic sun.
To the esky is empty, shit, what's life if you ain't havin fun?
So forget your age and those walls, I'm burstin through that maze.
On top of the tour bus in a teen wolf mask, surfin USA.
And we got that baggage packed, happy gas, glasser traps.
Yes, I can dig it.
So I joke like tom on a josh, baskin in these tours like a big kid.
It's my habitat, I can't leave the trees like an orangutang.
I'm a runnin on air anchorman and I never land like bangarang.

Why don't you act, why don't you just act your age?
Why don't you act, why don't you just act your age?

Yo, I'm actin a fool.
No shame, I came, I shat in the pool. Yeah, better pass that blunt.
I'm bout about it you can ask my mom.
She'll tell ya, I'm psycho mate, my ideas make your lightbulbs break.
I make it look so damn easy, when I rock that Borat mankini.
Fuck what they say, you don't miss your chance to eat chocolate cake, with your hands

you rock a bubble beard while you're takin a bath where a simple fart still makes
you laugh like.

Hahahaha, blurp blurp, hahaha.
And then a big brown shark came.
Now I'm on the stage, actin up.
Yelling bombs away while I grab my nuts.
You're livin it, like it's all the movies.
Still killin shit on Call of Duty.
And I still think, I can move like the Matrix, real shit.
Shroomin in Vegas, or when I play with my dogs.
Even right now while I'm makin this song.
So how's about it? Let's laugh til there's power outage.

That's all that I have to say.
Fuck them all and don't act your age, I'm makin pancakes.

Why don't you act, why don't you just act your age?
Why don't you act, why don't you just act your age?
They're always sayin to me, they're always sayin, "Why don't you act, why don't you
just act your age?"
They're always sayin to me, they're always sayin, "Why don't you act, why don't you
just act your age?"
They're always sayin to me, they're always sayin, "Why don't you act, why don't you
just act your age?"
They're always sayin to me, they're always sayin, "Why don't you act, why don't you
just act your age?"