I'm going through changes

Lately I really,
feel like I'm rolling for delf like Philly
I feel like I'm losing control of myself, I sincerely
I apologize if all that I sound like,

is I'm complaining
But life keeps on complicating
and I'm debating on leaving this world this evening,
Even my girls can see I'm grievin',
I try and hide it but I can't.

Why do I act like I'm all high and mighty when inside, I'm dying.
I am finally realizing I need help
I can't do it by myself, too weak.

2 weeks I've been having ups and downs going through peaks and valleys
Dilly dallying around with the idea
Of ending the shit right here
I'm hatin' my reflection.

I walk around the house tryin' to fight mirrors
I can't stand what I look like, yeah,

I look fat, but what do I care?
I give a fuck.
Only thing I fear is Hailie.
I'm afraid if I close my eyes I might see her, shit

I'm going through changes

I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom.
Nappin' at noon

Yeah, dad's in a bad mood,
he's always snappin' at you
Marshall, what happened at you?
Can't stop with these pills
And you've fallen off with your skills

And your own fans are laughin' at you
It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle, get up
Be a man, stand,
a real man woulda had this shit handled

Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed.
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just swift out and bust.
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that
He wouldn't fuckin' shoot at -

nobody, he fights first
But dwellin' on it only makes the night worse
Now I'm poppin Vic's, perks
and Methadone pills
Yeah 'em, tight verse,

You killed it
Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes man
And they gon' do whatever I says when,
I says it

It's in their best interest to protect their investment
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend,
so fuck it, I guess then

I'm going through changes
(Don't know what I'm going through but I just keep on going through changes)

My friends just can't understand this new me
That's understandable man but just think how bananas, you'd be,
You'd be an animal too,
If you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo

And everybody's lookin' at you,
What you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse
And the truth is fame startin' to give me an excuse,
to be at a

All time low. I sit alone in my home theater,
watchin' the same damn DVD of the first tour,
The last tour, he was still alive
And it hurt sore,
fast forward, sleepin' pills'll make me feel alright
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night
I just take a couple more,
Yeah, you're motherfuckin' right
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound
Almost in a coma, yeah, homie, come on, don't look now
Daddy, don't you die on me, daddy, better hold your ground
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice
Yeah, baby, hold me down

I'm going through changes
(Don't know what I'm going through but I just keep on going through changes)

Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes,
plus somehow I'm pullin' through
Swear when I come back I'ma be bulletproof
I'ma do it just for Proof,
I think I should state a few
Facts 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth
Shit it just hit me that what if I would notta made it through?
I think about the things I would never got to say to you
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do
Hailie this one is for you,
Whitney and Alaina too
I still love your mother, that'll never change
Think about her every day,
we just could never get it together, hey,
wish there was a better way,
for me to say it but I swear on everything,
I'd do anything for her on any day
There are just too many things to explain, when it rains
Guess it pours, yes it does, wish there wasn't any pain
But I can't pretend there ain't, I ain't placin' any blame
I ain't pointin' fingers, heaven knows there never been a saint
I know it just feels like we just pissed away
our history
And just today,
I looked at your picture, almost hate to say
I miss you self consciously, wish it didn't end this way
But I just had to get away.
Don't know why, I don't know what else to say.
I guess I'm

I'm going through changes
(Don't know what I'm going through but I just keep on going through changes)